https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis/web-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-oracles/oracle-networks
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/orm/entity-framework-core
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/practices
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/practices/common-threat-vectors
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/practices/fuzz-testing-and-static-analysis
https://thenewstack.io/category/kubernetes?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/ab-tests-and-experiments
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/practices/source-of-randomness-attacks
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/tools
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/orm/entity-framework-core/change-tracker-api
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/orm/entity-framework-core/codefirst-migrations
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/documentation
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/existing-design-process
https://thenewstack.io?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Alert
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets/fonts
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets/images
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/orm/entity-framework-core/framework-basics
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets/other-file-types
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/auth-strategies
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&url=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/tools/echidna
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/bonus-content
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/identify-components
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Frontend Performance Best Practices&url=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Guide to learn software design and architecture&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Guide to learn system Design&url=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/orm/entity-framework-core/lazy-eager-explicit-loading
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters/eslint
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/orm/nhibernate
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/tools/manticore
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/identify-design-elements
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/regional-requirements
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters/prettier
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/visual-audit
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/making-a-design-system
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/orm/repodb
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/tools/mythx
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/tools/slither
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/making-a-design-system/from-existing-design
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters/standardjs
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/making-a-design-system/from-scratch
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/real-time-communication
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/real-time-communication/singlar-core
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/ethereum-2
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/real-time-communication/web-sockets
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/on-chain-scaling
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/esbuild
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/task-scheduling
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/task-scheduling/coravel
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/optimistic-rollups-and-fraud-proofs
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/plasma
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics/component-analytics
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/parcel
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/task-scheduling/hangfire
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/rollup
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/sidechains
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/state-and-payment-channels
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics/error-logging
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/task-scheduling/native-background-service
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/task-scheduling/quartz
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/validium
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/asymptotic-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/vite
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/webpack
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/task-runners
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/task-runners/npm-scripts
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/zero-knowledge-rollups-and-zero-knowledge-proof
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/applicability
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/template-engines
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/template-engines/dot-liquid
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/template-engines/fluid
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/template-engines/razor
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/template-engines/scriban
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/applicability/daos
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics/service-and-health-metrics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/basic-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/basic-authentication/chrome-basic-auth.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/big-o-notation.png
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/behavior-testing
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture/bem
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics/tooling-analytics
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/applicability/defi
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/character-encodings.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/ci-cd.png
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/behavior-testing/bddfy
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/dhcp.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/jwt-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture/oocss
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/oauth.png
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/oauth.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/applicability/insurance
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/applicability/nfts
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/behavior-testing/light-bdd
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/proxy/forward-proxy.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/proxy/proxy-example.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/proxy/reverse-proxy.png
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/random-numbers.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/scaling-databases.svg
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/session-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture/smacss
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications/communication-channel
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/applicability/payments
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/architecture
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-libraries
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-libraries/ethers-js
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/behavior-testing/spec-flow
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/e2e-testing
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications/community-meetings
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications/faqs
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-libraries/moralis
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-libraries/web3-js
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-nodes
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.png
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/e2e-testing/cypress
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications/open-hours
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/sso.png
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/task-management
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/e2e-testing/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/task-management/milestones
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/task-management/roadmap
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-nodes/besu
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/e2e-testing/puppeteer
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/e2e-testing/selenium
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/sso.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/css-first
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/css-first/bootstrap
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-nodes/geth
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/token-authentication.png
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&url=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/address.png
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-nodes/nethermind
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/bitfield.png
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/task-management/ticketing
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&u=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/integration-testing
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/choke.png
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design/contribution-guidelines
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/css-first/bulma
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Frontend Performance Best Practices&u=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Guide to learn software design and architecture&u=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-nodes/substrate
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/integration-testing/test-server
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/integration-testing/web-application-factory
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/chakra-ui
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/daisy-ui
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/client-server-p2p.png
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Guide to learn system Design&u=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design/design-editor
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/unit-testing
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design/plugins
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/unit-testing/fake-it-easy
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/deployment
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/{{ urlEncodedRefName }}/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/download.png
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/unit-testing/fluent-assertions
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/mantine
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/unit-testing/moq
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/frontend-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/material-ui
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/handshake.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/radix-ui
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/tailwind-css
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design/version-control
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/unit-testing/mstest
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/frontend-frameworks/angular
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/unit-testing/nsubstitute
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/info-hash-peer-id.png
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/unit-testing/nunit
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/unit-testing/shouldly
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/accessibility-testing
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/frontend-frameworks/react
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors/less
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors/postcss
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/info-hash.png
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/frontend-frameworks/vue
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/code-style
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/commit-guidelines
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/component-catalog
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/contribution-guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/unit-testing/xunit
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/message.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/pieces.png
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/pipelining.png
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors/sass
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css/learn-the-basics
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/documentation
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/maintenance
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/consistency-patterns-in-distributed-systems.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css/making-layouts
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css/responsive-design-and-media-queries
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/pr-templates
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/trackers.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.png
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/topics
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/authentication
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/authentication/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/web-vitals.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/basics-of-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/dns-in-one-picture
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/release-strategy
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/semantic-versioning
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/unit-testing
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/node-as-a-service
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/carlo
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/electron
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/node-as-a-service/alchemy
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/node-as-a-service/infura
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/topics
https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/session-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/sli-slo-sla.jpeg
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md?plain=1
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/tauri
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/node-as-a-service/moralis
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/node-as-a-service/quicknode
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/security
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/authentication/cookie-based
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://roadmap.sh/devops/availability
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/supporting-languages
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/supporting-languages/go
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/supporting-languages/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/supporting-languages/python
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/azure-devops-services
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/graphql/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/testing
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/management-platforms
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/management-platforms/open-zeppelin
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/authentication/jwt
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/graphql/relay-modern
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/circle-ci
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/authentication/oauth
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/accessibility
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/drone
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&u=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/authentication/openid
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contract-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contract-frameworks/brownie
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/authentication/saml
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/authentication/token-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/conventions-and-best-practices
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/forms-and-validations
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contract-frameworks/foundry
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/learn-the-basics
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/seo-basics
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/github-actions
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&url=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/gitlab-ci
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/writing-semantic-html
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/grpc
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/hateoas
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/json-apis
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/jenkins
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/teamcity
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/browsers-and-how-they-work
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/dns-and-how-it-works
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contract-frameworks/hardhat
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/open-api-spec
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/rest
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/soap
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/how-does-the-internet-work
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/travis-ci
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Frontend Performance Best Practices&url=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/IBM-Cloud
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contract-frameworks/truffle
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/what-is-domain-name
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/backend/architectural-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/albaba-cloud
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/aws
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/azure
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/digital-ocean
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/google-cloud
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/what-is-hosting
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Guide to learn software design and architecture&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Guide to learn system Design&url=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/backend/architectural-patterns/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/backend/architectural-patterns/monolithic-apps
https://roadmap.sh/backend/architectural-patterns/serverless
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/backend/architectural-patterns/service-mesh
https://roadmap.sh/backend/architectural-patterns/soa
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/heroku
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/linode
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/backend/architectural-patterns/twelve-factor-apps
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/crypto-faucets
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://roadmap.sh/backend/basic-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/vultr
https://roadmap.sh/devops/data-management
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/crypto-wallets
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/decentralized-storage
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/deployment
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/erc-tokens
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/ides
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/what-is-http
https://roadmap.sh/devops/design-and-implementation
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management
https://roadmap.sh/backend/basic-frontend/css
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/monitoring
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/concepts
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-caching.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/backend/basic-frontend/html
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/programming-languages
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management/ansible
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management/chef
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management/puppet
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/es6-and-modular-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/backend/basic-frontend/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/programming-languages/rust
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md?plain=1
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/backend/caching
https://roadmap.sh/backend/caching/cdn
https://roadmap.sh/backend/caching/client-side
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/learn-dom-manipulation
https://roadmap.sh/backend/caching/server-side
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management/salt
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/containers
https://roadmap.sh/backend/caching/server-side/memcached
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/programming-languages/solidity
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/programming-languages/vyper
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/docker
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/testing
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/backend/caching/server-side/redis
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/testing/code-coverage
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/testing/integration-tests
https://roadmap.sh/backend/ci-cd
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/docker-swarm
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/testing/unit-tests
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/gitops
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/learn-fetch-api-ajax-xhr
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/upgrades
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://github.com/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/syntax-and-basic-constructs
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/gitops/argo-cd
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/topics
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/oauth.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/backend/containerization
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/gitops/flux-cd
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md?plain=1
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/ionic
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/nativescript
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&u=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/react-native
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/version-control-systems/git
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning/aws-cdk
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning/cloudformation
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning/pulumi
https://roadmap.sh/backend/containerization/docker
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md?plain=1
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&url=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css
https://roadmap.sh/backend/containerization/kubernetes
https://roadmap.sh/backend/containerization/lxc
https://roadmap.sh/backend/design-and-development-principles
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Frontend Performance Best Practices&u=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://roadmap.sh/backend/design-and-development-principles/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/backend/design-and-development-principles/domain-driven-design
https://roadmap.sh/backend/design-and-development-principles/event-sourcing
https://roadmap.sh/backend/design-and-development-principles/gof-design-patterns
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Guide to learn software design and architecture&u=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Guide to learn system Design&u=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/collections
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/css-modules
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning/terraform
https://roadmap.sh/backend/design-and-development-principles/test-driven-development
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation
https://roadmap.sh/backend/graph-databases
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/emotion
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/styled-components
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/kubernetes
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/lxc
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md?plain=1
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/nomad
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/backend/graph-databases/neo4j
https://roadmap.sh/backend/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management/cloud-specific-tools
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/styled-jsx
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/sso.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md?plain=1
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://roadmap.sh/backend/graphql/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers/npm
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers/pnpm
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/big-omega-notation
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/big-theta-notation
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management/sealed-secrets
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management/sops
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes/constant
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers/yarn
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/angular
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/backend/graphql/relay-modern
https://roadmap.sh/backend/internet
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes/exponential
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes/factorial
https://roadmap.sh/backend/internet/browsers-and-how-they-work
https://roadmap.sh/backend/internet/dns-and-how-it-works
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management/vault
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes/linear
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes/logarithmic
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md?plain=1
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes/polynomial
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/angular/ngrx
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/backend/internet/how-does-the-internet-work
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees/avl-trees
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh/consul
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees/b-tree
https://roadmap.sh/backend/internet/what-is-domain-name
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh/envoy
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/angular/rxjs
https://roadmap.sh/backend/internet/what-is-hosting
https://roadmap.sh/backend/internet/what-is-http
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js/mobx
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js/recoil
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees/n-ary-trees
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/branches
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh/istio
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh/linkerd
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees/red-black-trees
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js/redux
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/solid-js
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/go
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/commit/f12ec6eea63a0e9a64ff3b3fb3e133cb154d7c80
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/commits/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/find/master
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/svelte
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/vue-js
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/vue-js/pinia
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees/the-2-3-4-trees
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language/cpp
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/python
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/ruby
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/issues
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/pulls
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees/the-2-3-search-trees
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/basic-math-skills
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/rust
https://roadmap.sh/devops/management-and-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/basic-math-skills/combinatorics
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/basic-math-skills/probability
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/bitwise-operators
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/pulse
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language/csharp
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language/go
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language/java
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/browser-devtools
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language/php
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language/python
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/character-encodings
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/atop
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language/ruby
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&u=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://news.ycombinator.com/submitlink?t=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/awk
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/bash-scripting
https://roadmap.sh
https://roadmap.sh/
https://roadmap.sh/#-abstract-factory
https://roadmap.sh/#-adapter
https://roadmap.sh/#-bridge
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/cat
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/compiling-apps
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/credentials
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language/rust
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/character-encodings/ascii
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/cut
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/df
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/dig
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/dtrace
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/du
https://roadmap.sh/#-builder
https://roadmap.sh/#-chain-of-responsibility
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/backend/message-brokers
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/#-command
https://roadmap.sh/#-composite
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/character-encodings/unicode
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/back-tracking-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/backend/message-brokers/kafka
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/device-orientation
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/#-decorator
https://roadmap.sh/#-facade
https://roadmap.sh/#-factory-method
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/echo
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/editors
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/fmt
https://roadmap.sh/backend/message-brokers/rabbitmq
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/back-tracking-algorithms/finding-hamiltonian-paths
https://roadmap.sh/#-flyweight
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/grep
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/history
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/htop
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/lighthouse
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/iostat
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/iptables
https://roadmap.sh/#-iterator
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/location
https://roadmap.sh/#-mediator
https://roadmap.sh/backend/more-about-databases
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/lsof
https://roadmap.sh/backend/more-about-databases/acid
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/back-tracking-algorithms/knights-tour-problem
https://roadmap.sh/#-memento
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/mtr
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/notifications
https://roadmap.sh/backend/more-about-databases/database-normalization
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/payments
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/performance-metrics
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/prpl-pattern
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/netstat
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/back-tracking-algorithms/maze-solving-problem
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/rail-model
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/server-sent-events
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/service-workers
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/back-tracking-algorithms/solving-n-queen-problem
https://roadmap.sh/backend/more-about-databases/failure-modes
https://roadmap.sh/backend/more-about-databases/n-plus-one-problem
https://roadmap.sh/backend/more-about-databases/orms
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/nl
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/#-observer
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/cache-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/nmap
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/storage
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/nmon
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/ping
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/ps
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/cache-algorithms/lfu-cache
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/cache-algorithms/lru-cache
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/web-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/cache-algorithms/mfu-cache
https://roadmap.sh/#-prototype
https://roadmap.sh/backend/more-about-databases/profiling-performance
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/sar
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/backend/more-about-databases/transactions
https://roadmap.sh/backend/nosql-databases
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/graph-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/backend/nosql-databases/column-databases
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/scp
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/graph-algorithms/a-star-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/graph-algorithms/bellman-fords-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/#-proxy
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/graph-algorithms/breadth-first-search
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/graph-algorithms/depth-first-search
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/screen-multiplexer
https://roadmap.sh/#-simple-factory
https://roadmap.sh/backend/nosql-databases/document-databases
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/graph-algorithms/dijkstras-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering
https://roadmap.sh/backend/nosql-databases/key-value-databases
https://roadmap.sh/backend/nosql-databases/realtime-databases
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/greedy-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/sed
https://roadmap.sh/#-singleton
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/angular
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/angular/universal
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/sort
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/greedy-algorithms/dijkstras-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/strace
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/systemtap
https://roadmap.sh/backend/nosql-databases/timeseries-databases
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/tcpdump
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js/after-js
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js/next-js
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/terminal-multiplexers
https://roadmap.sh/#-state
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/greedy-algorithms/ford-fulkerson-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/greedy-algorithms/huffman-coding
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/greedy-algorithms/kruskas-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/security
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/tmux-multiplexer
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge
https://roadmap.sh/#-strategy
https://roadmap.sh/#-template-method
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/basic-networking-concepts
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/top
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/greedy-algorithms/prims-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/recursion
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tags
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js/remix
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/svelte
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/basic-terminal-commands
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/how-oss-work-in-general
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/svelte/svelte-kit
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/vue-js
https://roadmap.sh/#-visitor
https://roadmap.sh/#1-binary-protocol
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/recursion/non-tail-recursion
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/recursion/tail-recursion
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/tr
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/traceroute
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/robin-karp-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/interprocess-communication
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/ufw
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/search-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/vue-js/nuxt-js
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh
https://roadmap.sh/#2-multiplexing
https://roadmap.sh/#3-hpack-header-compression
https://roadmap.sh/#4-server-push
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/uname
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/io-management
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/uniq
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/vmstat
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/search-algorithms/binary-search
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/astro
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/eleventy
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/gatsbyjs
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/search-algorithms/linear-search
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fasymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Favoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/#5-request-prioritization
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/wc
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/memory-management
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/gridsome
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/hugo
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms/bubble-sort
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/jekyll
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms/heap-sort
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fbasics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/free-bsd
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/net-bsd
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fbig-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fcharacter-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/#6-security
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms/insertion-sort
https://roadmap.sh/#about-the-author
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/next-js
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/posix-basics
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms/merge-sort
https://roadmap.sh/#authentication-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/#basic-authentication-in-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/#be-careful
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fdesign-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms/quick-sort
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/open-bsd
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms/selection-sort
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/nuxt-js
https://roadmap.sh/#behavioral-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/tree-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fdhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/tree-algorithms/breadth-first-search
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/rhel
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/suse-linux
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/ubuntu
https://roadmap.sh/#bitfields
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/process-management
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/tree-algorithms/depth-first-search
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/tree-algorithms/in-order-traversal
https://roadmap.sh/#browser-cache
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fdns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/remix
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/windows
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/vuepress
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/terminal-usage
https://roadmap.sh/#build-your-audience-first-and-the-project-after
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/threads-and-concurrency
https://roadmap.sh/backend/relational-databases
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fhistory-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/tree-algorithms/post-order-traversal
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/ava
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/app-dynamics
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/chai
https://roadmap.sh/backend/relational-databases/mariadb
https://roadmap.sh/backend/relational-databases/mssql
https://roadmap.sh/backend/relational-databases/mysql
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/tree-algorithms/pre-order-traversal
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-uml-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/jasmine
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/jest
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-uml-diagrams/activity-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/backend/relational-databases/oracle
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fhttp-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fhttp-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/mocha
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/other-options
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/backend/relational-databases/postgresql
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/instana
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fjourney-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fjwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/#building-got-much-easier
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-uml-diagrams/class-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-uml-diagrams/sequence-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/backend/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/backend/repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/backend/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/backend/repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/jaeger
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/new-relic
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Flevels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/react-testing-library
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/vitest
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-uml-diagrams/statemachine-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-uml-diagrams/usecase-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/horizontal-vertical-scaling
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/instrumentation-monitoring-telemetry
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/open-telemetry
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes
https://roadmap.sh/#cache-control
https://roadmap.sh/#caching-headers
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/datadog
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/topics
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Foauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/co-np
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fproxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Frandom-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/migration-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/np
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/grafana
https://roadmap.sh/#caching-locations
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fscaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/np-complete
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/np-complete/knapsack-problem
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/np-complete/longest-path-problem
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/monit
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/mitigation-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/mitigation-strategies/backpressure
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/mitigation-strategies/circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/#caching-recommendations
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fsession-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/type-checkers
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fsession-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/type-checkers/flow
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/type-checkers/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/np-complete/travelling-salesman-problem
https://roadmap.sh/#closing-words
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/mitigation-strategies/graceful-degradation
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/nagios
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/version-control-systems/basic-usage-of-git
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components
https://roadmap.sh/#complete-the-handshake
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/np-hard
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fsso.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Ftoken-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Ftorrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/mitigation-strategies/loadshifting
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Funfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/#conclusion
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/prometheus
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/zabbix
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/p
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/mitigation-strategies/throttling
https://roadmap.sh/#creating-handlers
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components/custom-elements
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhat-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/elastic-stack
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/observability
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/p-equals-np
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/graylog
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components/html-templates
https://roadmap.sh/#creational-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhat-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components/shadow-dom
https://roadmap.sh/#cybersecurity-and-crime
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhat-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/loki
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/array
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/graph
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhy-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scaling-databases
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/graph/directed-graph
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/papertrail
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge
https://roadmap.sh/#decade-of-silence-and-es4
https://roadmap.sh/#different-seniority-titles
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scaling-databases/cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scaling-databases/data-replication
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/api-calls-http
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/content-security-policy
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/cors
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/splunk
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/https
https://roadmap.sh/#downloading-from-peers
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/dns
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/graph/graph-representation
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scaling-databases/database-indexes
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scaling-databases/sharding-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/backend/search-engines
https://roadmap.sh/#encryption-and-public-keys
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/dmarc
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/axios
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/express-js
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/graph/spanning-tree
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/graph/undirected-graph
https://roadmap.sh/#es1-es2-and-es3
https://roadmap.sh/#etag
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/hash-table
https://roadmap.sh/#expires
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/domain-keys
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/imaps
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/pop3s
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/fastify
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/got
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/http-module
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/jsonwebtoken
https://roadmap.sh/backend/search-engines/elasticsearch
https://roadmap.sh/#finding-peers
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/heap
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/smtp
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/owasp-security-risks
https://roadmap.sh/#forward-proxy-server
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/nest-js
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/passport-js
https://roadmap.sh/#frames-and-streams
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/spf
https://roadmap.sh/backend/search-engines/solr
https://roadmap.sh/#from-silence-to-es5
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/linked-list
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/unfetch
https://roadmap.sh/backend/server-sent-events
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/white-grey-listing
https://roadmap.sh/backend/testing
https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/#getting-ready-to-launch
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/ftp
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/queue
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/buffer
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/channels
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/http
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/async-await
https://roadmap.sh/backend/testing/functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/#how-does-authentication-work
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/callbacks
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/event-emitter
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/stack
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/https
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/osi-model
https://roadmap.sh/backend/testing/integration-testing
https://roadmap.sh/backend/testing/unit-testing
https://roadmap.sh/#how-does-it-work
https://roadmap.sh/#how-to-market-your-project-nowadays
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/event-loop
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/process-next-tick
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/context
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/port-forwarding
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/promises
https://roadmap.sh/backend/topics
https://roadmap.sh/#http-and-html
https://roadmap.sh/#http-is-stateless
https://roadmap.sh/#http09--the-one-liner-1991
https://roadmap.sh/#http10---1996
https://roadmap.sh/#http11---1999
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree/balanced-tree
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree/binary-search-tree
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/ssh
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/ssl-tls
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/set-immediate
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/set-interval
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/set-timeout
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/command-line-args
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/go-modules
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts
https://roadmap.sh/#http2---2015
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/goroutines
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/command-line-args/commander-js
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/file-system
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/mutext
https://roadmap.sh/backend/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/select
https://roadmap.sh/#interpreting-messages
https://roadmap.sh/backend/version-control-systems/basic-usage-of-git
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree/binary-tree
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/io-management
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/types-and-type-assertions
https://roadmap.sh/#introduction
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/command-line-args/process-argv
https://roadmap.sh/#ip-addresses-and-dns
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/memory-storage
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/environment-variables
https://roadmap.sh/backend/version-control-systems/git
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree/complete-binary-tree
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/networking
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/working-with-json
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/posix
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree/full-binary-tree
https://roadmap.sh/#javascript-is-announced
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/bcrypt
https://roadmap.sh/#join-a-maker-community
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/environment-variables/dotenv
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/processes
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree/unbalanced-tree
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/content-security-policy
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/environment-variables/process-env
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/exitting-and-exit-codes
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients
https://roadmap.sh/#junior-developer
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/cors
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/graphql/gqlgen
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/https
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/service-management
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/graphql/graphql-go
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/chalk
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/rest
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/md5
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/cli-progress
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/acid-model
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/sockets
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/rest/grequests
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/base-model
https://roadmap.sh/#last-modified
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/startup-management
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/figlet
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/rest/heimdall
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/owasp
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/database-federation
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/dcl
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/process-stderr
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/threads-concurrency
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/process-stdout
https://roadmap.sh/#maingo
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/scrypt
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/virtualization
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x
https://roadmap.sh/#managing-concurrency-channels-as-queues
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/apache
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/caching-server
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/ddl
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/arrays
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/basic-syntax
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/firewall
https://roadmap.sh/#managing-state
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input/inquirer
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input/process-stdin
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/conditionals
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/dml
https://roadmap.sh/#marketing-is-an-on-going-fight
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/forward-proxy
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input/prompts
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-common-modules
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-common-modules/builtin-modules
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/dql
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/data-types
https://roadmap.sh/#max-age
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/server-security
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/entity-relationship-model
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/sha-family
https://roadmap.sh/#max-age-seconds
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/iis
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/load-balancer
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/errors-panic-recover
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/nginx
https://roadmap.sh/#mid-level-developers
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/indexes
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/reverse-proxy
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/ssl-tls
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/for-loop
https://roadmap.sh/#mixing-values
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/functions
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-servers
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/locking
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/make
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/tomcat
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-servers/apache
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document/mongoose
https://roadmap.sh/#multifactor-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-servers/caddy
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/normalization-denormalization
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/maps
https://roadmap.sh/devops/topics
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-servers/ms-iis
https://roadmap.sh/#must-revalidate
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document/native-drivers
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/pacelc-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/packages
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document/prisma
https://roadmap.sh/enterprise
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-servers/nginx
https://roadmap.sh/enterprise/startups
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational
https://roadmap.sh/#no-cache
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/range
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/#no-store
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/replication
https://roadmap.sh/features
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/sharding
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/slices
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/knex
https://roadmap.sh/best-practices
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/sql-vs-nosql-databases
https://roadmap.sh/#packets-routing-and-reliability
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/structs
https://roadmap.sh/features/actions
https://roadmap.sh/#parsing-a-torrent-file
https://roadmap.sh/#parsing-the-tracker-response
https://roadmap.sh/features/code-review
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/native-drivers
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/stored-procedures
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/transactions
https://roadmap.sh/#pipelining
https://roadmap.sh/#pragma
https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://roadmap.sh/features/codespaces
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/prisma
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/type-inference
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/variables
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/sequelize
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/type-orm
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/views
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://roadmap.sh/#private
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-basics
https://roadmap.sh/features/copilot
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/design-patterns/architectural-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/features/discussions
https://roadmap.sh/#proxy-cache
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-building-clis
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-basics/applications-and-uses
https://roadmap.sh/features/issues
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/async-errors
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-building-clis/cobra
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-basics/basic-blockchain-operations
https://roadmap.sh/features/packages
https://roadmap.sh/features/security
https://roadmap.sh/#proxy-revalidate
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-basics/blockchain-structure
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/assertion-errors
https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/javascript-errors
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/design-patterns/dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/system-errors
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/user-specified-errors
https://roadmap.sh/#proxy-server
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-basics/decentralization
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/design-patterns/gof-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-building-clis/urfave-cli
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-basics/what-is-blockchain
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-basics/why-blockchain-matters
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/stack-trace
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/uncaught-exceptions
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchain-forking
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/design-patterns/null-object-pattern
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/async-await
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchain-interoperability
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/design-patterns/type-object-pattern
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/using-debugger
https://roadmap.sh/#public
https://roadmap.sh/#putting-it-all-together
https://roadmap.sh/#release-of-es6--ecmascript-2015
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging/apex
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging/zap
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/endianess
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/#release-of-es7--ecmascript-2016
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/endianess/big-endian
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/evm-based
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging/zerolog
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/collections
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/history-of-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/nodejs-vs-browser
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/running-nodejs-code
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/endianess/little-endian
https://roadmap.sh/#release-of-es8--ecmascript-2017
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/core-libraries
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/floating-point-numbers
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/what-is-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/evm-based/avalanche
https://roadmap.sh/#retrieving-peers-from-the-tracker
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/go-kit
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/how-computers-work
https://roadmap.sh/#reverse-proxy-cache
https://roadmap.sh/#reverse-proxy-server
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/how-computers-work/cpu-cache
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/why-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/functional-programming
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/go-zero
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/how-computers-work/how-computers-calculate
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/evm-based/binance-smart-chain
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/futures
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/isolates
https://roadmap.sh/#running-the-application
https://roadmap.sh/#s-maxage
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/how-computers-work/how-cpu-executes-programs
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/how-computers-work/instructions-and-programs
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/evm-based/ethereum
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/forever
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/grpc-gateway
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/nohup
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/how-computers-work/registers-and-ram
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/pm2
https://roadmap.sh/#s-maxage-seconds
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/grpc-go
https://roadmap.sh/#send-and-receive-messages
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/kd-trees
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/evm-based/fantom
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/lambdas
https://roadmap.sh/#senior-developers
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking/dns
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running/nodemon
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/micro
https://roadmap.sh/#session-based-authentication-in-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/lists
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/evm-based/gnosis-chain
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking/http
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-logging
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/protocol-buffers
https://roadmap.sh/#setting-up-the-server
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/rpcx
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-logging/morgan
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/twirp
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/watermill
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking/osi-model
https://roadmap.sh/#smaller-problems
https://roadmap.sh/#spdy---2009
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/evm-based/huobi-eco-chain
https://roadmap.sh/#start-a-tcp-connection
https://roadmap.sh/#start-of-content
https://roadmap.sh/#step-1
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/evm-based/moonbeam-moonriver
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/evm-based/polygon
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/streams
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking/sockets
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-logging/winston
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/l2-blockchains
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics/firebase-analytics
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-orms
https://roadmap.sh/#step-2
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/l2-blockchains/arbitrum
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/l2-blockchains/moonbeam-moonriver
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking/tcp-ip-model
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking/tls-https
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics/google-analytics
https://roadmap.sh/#step-3
https://roadmap.sh/#step-4
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics/mix-panel
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/solana
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-orms/gorm
https://roadmap.sh/#structural-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics/segment
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/c
https://roadmap.sh/#summary
https://roadmap.sh/#this-isnt-the-full-story
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/ton
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-realtime-communication
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/animated-builder
https://roadmap.sh/#three-way-handshake
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/c-plus-plus
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-realtime-communication/centrifugo
https://roadmap.sh/#time-to-make-requests
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/c-sharp
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/go
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/animated-widget
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules/commonjs-vs-esm
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/java
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/consensus-protocols
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-realtime-communication/melody
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/python
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/rust
https://roadmap.sh/#too-much-going-on-information-overload
https://roadmap.sh/#tool-by-tool
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/animation-controller
https://roadmap.sh/#two-factor-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-testing-your-apps
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/curved-animations
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/concurrency-in-multiple-cores
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/cryptocurrencies
https://roadmap.sh/#types-of-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/beego
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/cpu-interrupts
https://roadmap.sh/#utilizing-server
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/buffalo
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules/custom-modules
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/hero
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/opacity
https://roadmap.sh/#validators
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/lock-mutex-semaphore
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/bitrise
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/codemagic
https://roadmap.sh/#what-does-the-future-hold
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/echo
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/memory-management
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/gin
https://roadmap.sh/#what-is-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/#what-is-authentication-1
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/cryptography
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/process-forking
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/fast-lane
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules/global-keyword
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging
https://roadmap.sh/#what-is-authorization
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/gofiber
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/cryptowallets
https://roadmap.sh/#what-is-basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/#what-is-esnext-then
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/processes-vs-threads
https://roadmap.sh/#what-is-http
https://roadmap.sh/#what-is-session-based-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/firebase-app-distribution
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/memory-leaks
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/decentralization-vs-trust
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/scheduling-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/gorilla
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/revel
https://roadmap.sh/#what-is-the-internet
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/github-actions
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/memory-leaks/garbage-collection
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/node-inspect
https://roadmap.sh/#where-do-i-start
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/roadmap-note
https://roadmap.sh/golang/topics
https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/#why-doesnt-build-it-and-they-will-come-work-anymore
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/mining-and-incentive-models
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/storage
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/using-apm
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-oracles
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics
https://roadmap.sh/#wires-cables-and-wi-fi
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations
https://roadmap.sh/#wrap-up-folks
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/apollo-server
https://roadmap.sh/Abstraction
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/security
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/built-in-types
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-oracles/chainlink
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/control-flow-statements
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/graphql-http
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-oracles/hybrid-smart-contracts
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/security/hashing-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/security/hashing-encryption-encoding
https://roadmap.sh/about
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/security/owasp-top-10
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/security/public-key-cryptography
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/graphql-yoga
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/mercurius
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/producing-the-result
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/creating-packages
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-oracles/oracle-networks
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/global-install-vs-local-install
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/skip-lists
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/dart-pad
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/npm-workspaces
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security
https://roadmap.sh/android
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/asynchronous
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/npx
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/practices
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/lists
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/running-scripts
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/functions
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/search-pattern-in-text
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/operators
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/updating-packages
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/using-packages
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/scalar-coercion
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-streams
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/practices/common-threat-vectors
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/variables
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/deployment
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/deployment/appstore
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines
https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-basics
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/substring-search
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/substring-search/boyer-moore
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/practices/fuzz-testing-and-static-analysis
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/practices/source-of-randomness-attacks
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/synchronous
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/tools
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines/ejs
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/deployment/guidelines-and-protocols
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-basics/angular-components
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/substring-search/brute-force-search
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines/marko
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines/pug
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/deployment/playstore
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/substring-search/knuth-morris-pratt
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/substring-search/rabin-karp
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/tools/echidna
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-basics/angular-modules
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/root-fields
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/validation
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations/apollo-client
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations/relay
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles/dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles/design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-basics/angular-templates
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/tools/manticore
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/suffix-arrays
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations/urql
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles/oop
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-basics/angularjs-vs-angular
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/tools/mythx
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/graphql-on-the-backend
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/tools/slither
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing/jest
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing/mocha
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/graphql-on-the-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/problems-graphql-solves
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles/solid-principles
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/ethereum-2
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/thinking-in-graphs
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-basics/dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/architectural-styles
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads/child-process
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads/cluster
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/caching
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/cdn
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/cloud-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/clustering
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads/worker-threads
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dev-tools
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/what-is-graphql
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/grpc
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/horizontal-vs-vertical-scaling
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/load-balancing
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dev-tools/flutter-inspector
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/on-chain-scaling
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/aliases
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-basics/routing
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dev-tools/flutter-outline
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/arguments
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/long-polling
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-basics/services
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-cli
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/directives
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/chokidar
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/optimistic-rollups-and-fraud-proofs
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/plasma
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dev-tools/memory-allocation
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/flutter-internals
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/flutter-internals/immutability
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/fields
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/proxy
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/sidechains
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/flutter-internals/render-objects
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-cli/ng-build
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/fragments
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/state-and-payment-channels
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/dirname
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-cli/ng-e2e
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/queues
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/validium
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/flutter-internals/trees
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/variables
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/filename
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/what-are-queries
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-cli/ng-generate
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/zero-knowledge-rollups-and-zero-knowledge-proof
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/package-manager
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/rest
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/fs-extra
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/short-polling
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-cli/ng-new
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/applicability
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/sse
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/fs-module
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/package-manager/flutter-pub-dart-pub
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/applicability/daos
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-cli/ng-serve
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/glob
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations/multiple-mutation-fields
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-cli/ng-test
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/web-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/package-manager/pub-dev
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/globby
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/applicability/defi
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-cli/schematics
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations/operation-name
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-ssg
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/reactive-programming
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/applicability/insurance
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/topics
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/path-module
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations/what-are-mutations
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/applicability/nfts
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/reactive-programming/rxdart
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-ssg/scully
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/process-cwd
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/applicability/payments
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/tries
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-ssr
https://roadmap.sh/customer-stories
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/topics
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/pagination
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/architecture
https://roadmap.sh/cyber-security
https://roadmap.sh/postgresql-dba
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-libraries
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/angular/angular-ssr/angular-universal
https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://roadmap.sh/pricing
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-libraries/ethers-js
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components
https://roadmap.sh/privacy
https://roadmap.sh/angular/creating-a-custom-x
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/avatar
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/arguments
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/flutter-cli
https://roadmap.sh/angular/creating-a-custom-x/directive
https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-libraries/moralis
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/badge
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/enums
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/angular/creating-a-custom-x/library
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-libraries/web3-js
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/banner
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/ides
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-nodes
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-nodes/besu
https://roadmap.sh/angular/creating-a-custom-x/pipe
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/fields
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/button
https://roadmap.sh/angular/forms
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/arrays-linked-lists
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-nodes/geth
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/card
https://roadmap.sh/angular/forms/reactive-forms
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/lists
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/ides/android-studio
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/binary-search-trees
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/ides/intellij-idea
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/objects
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-nodes/nethermind
https://roadmap.sh/angular/forms/template-driven-forms
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/carousel
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/hash-tables
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-nodes/substrate
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/scalars
https://roadmap.sh/angular/lifecycle-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/ides/vs-code
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/dropdown
https://roadmap.sh/angular/rendering-topics
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/type-system
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/deployment
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/heaps-stacks-queues
https://roadmap.sh/angular/rendering-topics/builtin-directives
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/frontend-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/frontend-frameworks/angular
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/bloc
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/icon
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/input-checkbox
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/input-radio
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/frontend-frameworks/react
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/unions
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/recursion
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/sorting-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/angular/rendering-topics/builtin-pipes
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/input-switch
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/flutter-bloc
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/get-x
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/provider
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/redux
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/velocity-x
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/frontend-frameworks/vue
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/decorators
https://roadmap.sh/angular/rendering-topics/change-detection
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/input-text
https://roadmap.sh/angular/routing
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/maintenance
https://roadmap.sh/angular/routing/configuration
https://roadmap.sh/angular/routing/guards
https://roadmap.sh/angular/routing/lazy-loading
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/node-as-a-service
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/node-as-a-service/alchemy
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/generator-expressions
https://roadmap.sh/angular/routing/router-events
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/list
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http/batching
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/iterators
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/lambdas
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/list-comprehensions
https://roadmap.sh/angular/routing/router-links
https://roadmap.sh/angular/routing/router-outlets
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/loading-indicator
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/modal
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http/caching
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-sse
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-sse/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/modules
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/select
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-websockets
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/node-as-a-service/infura
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/authentication
https://roadmap.sh/angular/rxjs-basics
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/firestore
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/tabs
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/modules/builtin-modules
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/modules/custom-modules
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop/classes
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/node-as-a-service/moralis
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/push-notifications
https://roadmap.sh/angular/rxjs-basics/marble-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-websockets/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop/inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop/methods-dunder
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/remote-config
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/storage
https://roadmap.sh/angular/rxjs-basics/observable-lifecycle
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/paradigms
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/regular-expressions
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/textarea
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/shared-preferences
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-websockets/real-time
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/node-as-a-service/quicknode
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/sqlite
https://roadmap.sh/angular/rxjs-basics/observable-pattern
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/toast
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/tooltip
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/security
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/defer-stream-directives
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/event-based-subscriptions
https://roadmap.sh/angular/rxjs-basics/operators
https://roadmap.sh/angular/rxjs-basics/operators/combination
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/basic-syntax
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/conditionals
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/bdd
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/integration-testing
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/tdd
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/supporting-languages
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/live-queries
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/what-are-subscriptions
https://roadmap.sh/angular/rxjs-basics/operators/filtering
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/topics
https://roadmap.sh/angular/rxjs-basics/operators/rate-limiting
https://roadmap.sh/angular/rxjs-basics/operators/transformation
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/unit-testing
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/functions
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/brand
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/brand/design-principles
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/validation
https://roadmap.sh/guides
https://roadmap.sh/guides/asymptotic-notation
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/supporting-languages/go
https://roadmap.sh/angular/rxjs-basics/rxjs-vs-promises
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/brand/terminology
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/lists-tuples-sets-dictionaries
https://roadmap.sh/angular/services-remote-data
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/supporting-languages/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/guides/asymptotic-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/angular/services-remote-data/dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/string-methods
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/typecasting-exceptions
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/variables-and-datatypes
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous
https://roadmap.sh/angular/state-management
https://roadmap.sh/angular/state-management/ngrx
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/brand/tone-of-voice
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/widget-testing
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/aiohttp
https://roadmap.sh/angular/state-management/ngxs
https://roadmap.sh/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer
https://roadmap.sh/angular/templates
https://roadmap.sh/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.png
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/brand/vision
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/brand/writing-guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/supporting-languages/python
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/testing
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/management-platforms
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/gevent
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/topics
https://roadmap.sh/guides/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/guides/basic-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/basics-of-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/guides/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/guides/big-o-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/guidelines/accessibility
https://roadmap.sh/angular/templates/binding-data-props-attrs-events
https://roadmap.sh/angular/templates/input-output
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/version-control-systems/git
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/management-platforms/open-zeppelin
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/sanic
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/guidelines/microcopy-guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/guidelines/user-onboarding
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/logo
https://roadmap.sh/guides/character-encodings
https://roadmap.sh/angular/templates/interpolation
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/stateful-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/tornado
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/fastapi
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contract-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/guides/character-encodings.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/angular/templates/property-binding
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous/django
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ci-cd.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/consistency-patterns-in-distributed-systems
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contract-frameworks/brownie
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contract-frameworks/foundry
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/stateless-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/logo/different-file-formats
https://roadmap.sh/guides/design-patterns-for-humans
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous/flask
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous/pyramid
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contract-frameworks/hardhat
https://roadmap.sh/angular/templates/reference-vars
https://roadmap.sh/angular/templates/template-statements
https://roadmap.sh/angular/testing-angular-apps
https://roadmap.sh/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture
https://roadmap.sh/guides/dhcp.png
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers/conda
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers/pip
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers/pypi
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/styled-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contract-frameworks/truffle
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/logo/monochrome-version
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-roadmap-note
https://roadmap.sh/guides/dns-in-one-picture
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/styled-widgets/cupertino-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/styled-widgets/material-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis
https://roadmap.sh/angular/testing-angular-apps/testing-component-bindings
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/logo/placement-and-clearance-guidance
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/doctest
https://roadmap.sh/angular/testing-angular-apps/testing-component-templates
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/crypto-faucets
https://roadmap.sh/guides/history-of-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/nose
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/crypto-wallets
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/decentralized-storage
https://roadmap.sh/angular/testing-angular-apps/testing-directives
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis/json
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis/restful-apis
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis/web-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/guides/http-basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/pytest
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/unittest-pyunit
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/logo/small-use-guidance
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/deployment
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/erc-tokens
https://roadmap.sh/guides/http-caching
https://roadmap.sh/guides/journey-to-http2
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets/fonts
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/ides
https://roadmap.sh/angular/testing-angular-apps/testing-pipes
https://roadmap.sh/guides/jwt-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/guides/jwt-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/levels-of-seniority
https://roadmap.sh/angular/testing-angular-apps/testing-services
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/logo/usage-guidance
https://roadmap.sh/angular/topics
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets/images
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/programming-languages
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/programming-languages/rust
https://roadmap.sh/angular/typescript-basics
https://roadmap.sh/guides/oauth
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/programming-languages/solidity
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/programming-languages/vyper
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/testing
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/testing/code-coverage
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/testing/integration-tests
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets/other-file-types
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/testing/unit-tests
https://roadmap.sh/guides/oauth.png
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/upgrades
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/topics
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics/atomic-design
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics/design-system-examples
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics/design-system-vs-component-library
https://roadmap.sh/angular/typescript-basics/builtin-types
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/python/topics
https://roadmap.sh/guides/proxy-servers
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics/need-of-design-system
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/auth-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/bonus-content
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/version-control-systems/git
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools
https://roadmap.sh/angular/typescript-basics/structural-typing
https://roadmap.sh/angular/typescript-basics/type-guard
https://roadmap.sh/angular/typescript-basics/type-inference
https://roadmap.sh/collections
https://roadmap.sh/python/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/guides/random-numbers
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics/stakeholders-involved
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/angular/typescript-basics/union-types
https://roadmap.sh/guides/random-numbers.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters/eslint
https://roadmap.sh/python/version-control-systems/basic-git-usage
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics/what-is-design-system
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters/prettier
https://roadmap.sh/angular/typescript-basics/what-is-typescript
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/component
https://roadmap.sh/guides/scaling-databases
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation
https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/guides/scaling-databases.svg
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters/standardjs
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers
https://roadmap.sh/guides/session-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/guides/session-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/session-based-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/angular/typescript-basics/why-use-typescript
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/component-library
https://roadmap.sh/angular/zones
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/big-omega-notation
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/esbuild
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/design-language
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/big-theta-notation
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/api-clients
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes/constant
https://roadmap.sh/guides/sli-slo-sla.jpeg
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/governance
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/parcel
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/rollup
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/vite
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes/exponential
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/api-clients/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/karate-framework
https://roadmap.sh/guides/sso
https://roadmap.sh/guides/sso.png
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/pattern
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes/factorial
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/postman-newman
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/api-clients/graphql/graphql-dotnet
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/api-clients/graphql/hot-chocolate
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/webpack
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes/linear
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/task-runners
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/pilot
https://roadmap.sh/guides/token-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/rest-assured
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/task-runners/npm-scripts
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/soap-ui
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes/logarithmic
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/api-clients/grpc
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/token
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/ui-kit
https://roadmap.sh/guides/token-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes/polynomial
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/api-clients/rest
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css
https://roadmap.sh/guides/torrent-client
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/guides/unfamiliar-codebase
https://roadmap.sh/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.png
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/api-clients/rest/odata
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture/bem
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/jasmine
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/color
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/jest
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees/avl-trees
https://roadmap.sh/guides/web-vitals.png
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees/b-tree
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/api-clients/rest/sieve
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture/oocss
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/color/accessibility
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/basics-of-aspnet-core
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture/smacss
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/nightwatch
https://roadmap.sh/guides/what-are-web-vitals
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees/n-ary-trees
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/color/dark-mode
https://roadmap.sh/guides/what-is-internet
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/basics-of-aspnet-core/app-settings-and-configurations
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees/red-black-trees
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/basics-of-aspnet-core/filters-and-attributes
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/css-first
https://roadmap.sh/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/color/functional-colors
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees/the-2-3-4-trees
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/css-first/bootstrap
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees/the-2-3-search-trees
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/puppeteer
https://roadmap.sh/http2.github.iohttp2-spec
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/basic-math-skills
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/basics-of-aspnet-core/middlewares
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/basics-of-aspnet-core/mvc
https://roadmap.sh/http2.github.iohttp2-spec/#FrameTypes
https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/basics-of-aspnet-core/razor-components
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/basics-of-aspnet-core/razor-pages
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/basics-of-aspnet-core/rest
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/css-first/bulma
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/basic-math-skills/combinatorics
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/color/guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/basics-of-threads
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/accessibility
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/basics-of-csharp
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/qa-wolf
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/grid-relation
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/basic-math-skills/probability
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/bitwise-operators
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/basics-of-csharp/csharp
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/keywords
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/collection-framework
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/naming
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/basics-of-csharp/dotnet
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/robot-framework
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/character-encodings
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/garbage-collection
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/chakra-ui
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/reserved-icons
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/character-encodings/ascii
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/generics
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/basics-of-csharp/dotnet-cli
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/selenium
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/daisy-ui
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/caching
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/how-jvm-works
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/memory-management
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/networking-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/serialization
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/caching/distributed-cache
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/character-encodings/unicode
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/webdriver-io
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/sizes
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/mantine
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/caching/distributed-cache/memcached
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/style
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/streams
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/ajax
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/browser-devtools
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/material-ui
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/caching
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/csr-vs-ssr
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/caching/distributed-cache/redis
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/back-tracking-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/html-css-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/caching/distributed-cache/redis/easy-caching
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/layout
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/back-tracking-algorithms/finding-hamiltonian-paths
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/radix-ui
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/tailwind-css
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/layout/breakpoints
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/layout/grid
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/caching/distributed-cache/redis/stackexchange-redis
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/back-tracking-algorithms/knights-tour-problem
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/layout/spacing
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/caching/entity-framework-cache
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/caching/memory-cache
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/back-tracking-algorithms/maze-solving-problem
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/back-tracking-algorithms/solving-n-queen-problem
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools/ant
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools/gradle
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools/maven
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors/less
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/layout/units
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/cache-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/cache-algorithms/lfu-cache
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/responsive-vs-adaptive
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/swas-pwas-jamstack
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/cache-algorithms/lru-cache
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/browser-addons
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/typography
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/ci-cd/azure-pipelines
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/ci-cd/circle-ci
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors/postcss
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/bug-management
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/typography/grid-relation
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/cache-algorithms/mfu-cache
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/check-my-links
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/typography/guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/basic-syntax
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors/sass
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/ghost-inspector
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/ci-cd/github-actions
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/graph-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/ci-cd/jenkins
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/ci-cd/team-city
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css/learn-the-basics
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/selenium-ide
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/typography/performance
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/ci-cd/travis-ci
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/graph-algorithms/a-star-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/conditionals
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/client-side-libraries
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/typography/readability
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/typography/responsiveness
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css/making-layouts
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/appium
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/data-types-variables
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css/responsive-design-and-media-queries
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/ab-tests-and-experiments
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/carlo
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/graph-algorithms/bellman-fords-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/graph-algorithms/breadth-first-search
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/electron
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/graph-algorithms/depth-first-search
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/graph-algorithms/dijkstras-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/datastructures
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/tauri
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/client-side-libraries/blazor
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/greedy-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/database-fundamentals
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/exception-handling
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/files-and-apis
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/detox
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/documentation
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/database-fundamentals/constraints
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/existing-design-process
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/graphql/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/espresso
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/xcuitest
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/graphql/relay-modern
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/functions
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/greedy-algorithms/dijkstras-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/identify-components
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/identify-design-elements
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/qtest
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/database-fundamentals/database-design-basics
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/greedy-algorithms/ford-fulkerson-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/database-fundamentals/sql-basics
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/greedy-algorithms/huffman-coding
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/accessibility
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/regional-requirements
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/loops
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/database-fundamentals/stored-procedures
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/visual-audit
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/test-link
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/oop
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/database-fundamentals/triggers
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/packages
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/test-rail
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/greedy-algorithms/kruskas-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/making-a-design-system
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/making-a-design-system/from-existing-design
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/conventions-and-best-practices
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/making-a-design-system/from-scratch
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/forms-and-validations
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-jdbc
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/greedy-algorithms/prims-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/cloud
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-jdbc/jdbc-template
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/zephyr
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/recursion
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/recursion/non-tail-recursion
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/recursion/tail-recursion
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/learn-the-basics
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-jdbc/jdbi3
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/cloud/cosmosdb
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/seo-basics
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/robin-karp-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/cloud/dynamodb
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/assembla
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics/component-analytics
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/log4j2
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/logback
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/search-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/slf4j
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/search-algorithms/binary-search
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/nosql
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/writing-semantic-html
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics/error-logging
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/search-algorithms/linear-search
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/browsers-and-how-they-work
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/atlassian
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/trello
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/dns-and-how-it-works
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/youtrack
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/nosql/cassandra
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/tinylog
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms/bubble-sort
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/how-does-the-internet-work
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/what-is-domain-name
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/nosql/couchdb
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/test-oracles
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/nosql/litedb
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms/heap-sort
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/ebean
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics/service-and-health-metrics
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/what-is-hosting
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/what-is-http
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/hibernate
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/test-prioritization
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/nosql/mongodb
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/nosql/ravendb
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/concepts
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/tester-mindset
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/es6-and-modular-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics/tooling-analytics
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms/insertion-sort
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms/merge-sort
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/jpa
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/spring-data-jpa
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/learn-dom-manipulation
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches/black-box-testing
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/nosql/redis
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms/quick-sort
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches/gray-box-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches/white-box-testing
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/relational
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/exploratory-testing
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms/selection-sort
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/tree-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/relational/mariadb
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications/communication-channel
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications/community-meetings
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications/faqs
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications/open-hours
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/integration-testing
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/task-management
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/task-management/milestones
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/tree-algorithms/breadth-first-search
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/tree-algorithms/depth-first-search
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/relational/mysql
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/play-framework
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/task-management/roadmap
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/learn-fetch-api-ajax-xhr
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/tree-algorithms/in-order-traversal
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/relational/postgresql
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/regression-testing
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/spark
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/relational/sql-server
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/syntax-and-basic-constructs
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/sanity-testing
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/task-management/ticketing
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/search-engines
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/tree-algorithms/post-order-traversal
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/smoke-testing
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/spring
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/ionic
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/uat
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/search-engines/elasticsearch
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/tree-algorithms/pre-order-traversal
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/nativescript
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design/contribution-guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/search-engines/solr
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/cucumber-jvm
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/databases/search-engines/sphinx
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/unit-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/react-native
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-uml-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/load-testing
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/cukes
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-uml-diagrams/activity-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-uml-diagrams/class-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/performance-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/security-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/stress-testing
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design/design-editor
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/jbehave
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/dependency-injection/di-containers
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-uml-diagrams/sequence-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-uml-diagrams/statemachine-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/what-is-qa
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/css-modules
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design/plugins
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/azure-devops-services
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/bamboo
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/dependency-injection/di-containers/auto-fac
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-uml-diagrams/usecase-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/jmeter
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/junit
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/mocking
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/dependency-injection/di-containers/castle-windsor
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/emotion
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/rest-assured
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/testng
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design/version-control
https://roadmap.sh/java/topics
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/dependency-injection/di-containers/microsoft-extensions-dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/co-np
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/circle-ci
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/accessibility-testing
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/dependency-injection/di-containers/ninject
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/dependency-injection/di-containers/simple-injector
https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/dependency-injection/life-cycles
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/code-style
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/styled-components
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/styled-jsx
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers/npm
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/np
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/drone
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/np-complete
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers/pnpm
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/commit-guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/dependency-injection/life-cycles/scoped
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/callbacks
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers/yarn
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/gitlab-ci
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/component-catalog
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/dependency-injection/life-cycles/singleton
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/callbacks/callback-hell
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/jenkins
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/team-city
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/event-loop
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/travis-ci
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/np-complete/knapsack-problem
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-email-testing
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/promises
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/np-complete/longest-path-problem
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/np-complete/travelling-salesman-problem
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/dependency-injection/life-cycles/transient
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/np-hard
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/promises/async-await
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/angular
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/dependency-injection/scrutor
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/contribution-guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-email-testing/gmail-tester
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-email-testing/mailinator
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/angular/ngrx
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/set-interval
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/angular/rxjs
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/general-development-skills
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/documentation
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/p
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/pr-templates
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/release-strategy
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/p-equals-np
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/general-development-skills/azure-devops-services
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/set-timeout
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/semantic-versioning
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/array
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools/debugging-issues
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/unit-testing
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/general-development-skills/datastructures-and-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/topics
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/graph
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools/debugging-memory-leaks
https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/headless-chrome
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js/mobx
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/headless-fox
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js/recoil
https://roadmap.sh/devops/availability
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js/redux
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools/debugging-performance
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-classes
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/solid-js
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/general-development-skills/git
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/general-development-skills/http-https
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/graph/directed-graph
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/graph/graph-representation
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/azure-devops-services
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/graph/spanning-tree
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/general-development-skills/vcs-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/circle-ci
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/drone
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/graph/undirected-graph
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/github-actions
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/hash-table
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/svelte
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/html-unit
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/heap
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/conditional-statements
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/linked-list
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/gitlab-ci
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/jenkins
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/good-to-know-libraries
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/good-to-know-libraries/benchmark-net
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/conditional-statements/if-else
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/puppeteer
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/zombie-js
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/good-to-know-libraries/fluent-validation
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/queue
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/vue-js
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/good-to-know-libraries/gen-fu
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/good-to-know-libraries/mediatr
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/good-to-know-libraries/noda-time
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/good-to-know-libraries/nuke
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/good-to-know-libraries/polly
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/conditional-statements/switch
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/stack
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/good-to-know-libraries/swash-buckle
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/teamcity
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/vue-js/pinia
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree/balanced-tree
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree/binary-search-tree
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/travis-ci
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/compatibility
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/reporting
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/tdd
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling/throw-statement
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/log-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/test-cases-and-scenarios
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree/binary-tree
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/browser-devtools
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree/complete-binary-tree
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree/full-binary-tree
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling/try-catch-finally
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/IBM-Cloud
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/albaba-cloud
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree/unbalanced-tree
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/log-frameworks/log-management-system
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/log-frameworks/log-management-system/datadog
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/test-planning
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/aws
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/verification-and-validation
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/azure
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/credentials
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/device-orientation
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling/utilizing-error-objects
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/lighthouse
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/log-frameworks/log-management-system/elk-stack
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/log-frameworks/log-management-system/elmah
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/log-frameworks/log-management-system/loggly
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/data-dog
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/digital-ocean
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/google-cloud
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/location
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/grafana
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/acid-model
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/log-frameworks/log-management-system/sentry
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/indexed-collections
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/log-frameworks/nlog
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/heroku
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/kibana
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/notifications
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/new-relic
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/base-model
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/indexed-collections/arrays
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/payments
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/pager-duty
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/log-frameworks/serilog
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/database-federation
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/performance-metrics
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/dcl
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/indexed-collections/typed-arrays
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/prpl-pattern
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/run-scope
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/dapr
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/sentry
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/linode
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/docker
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing/axe
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/docker-swarm
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/rail-model
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing/chrome-devtools
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/map
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing/wave
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/kubernetes
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/message-brokers
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/ddl
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/server-sent-events
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/vultr
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/set
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/service-workers
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/dml
https://roadmap.sh/devops/data-management
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/message-brokers/active-mq
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/artillery
https://roadmap.sh/devops/design-and-implementation
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/storage
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/message-brokers/apache-kafka
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/web-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/weak-map
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/message-brokers/azure-service-bus
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/gatling
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/message-brokers/net-mq
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/dql
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/weak-set
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management/ansible
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/jmeter
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/k6
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/entity-relationship-model
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/indexes
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/structured-data
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/message-brokers/rabbit-mq
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/message-bus
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/locking
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/normalization-denormalization
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/lighthouse
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/structured-data/json
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/message-bus/easy-net-q
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/angular
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/locust
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/angular/universal
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management/chef
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/vegeta
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/webpage-test
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js/after-js
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js/next-js
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/message-bus/mass-transit
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/pacelc-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js/remix
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/svelte
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/message-bus/nservice-bus
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management/puppet
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/attack-vectors
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management/salt
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/containers
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/authentication-authorization
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/docker
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/docker-swarm
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object/builtin-objects
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/svelte/svelte-kit
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/vue-js
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/ocelot
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/orleans
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/owasp-10
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/replication
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object/prototypal-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/sharding
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/sql-vs-nosql-databases
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/gitops
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object/prototype
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/steel-toe
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/tye
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/microservices/yarp
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/vue-js/nuxt-js
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/primitive-types
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/object-mapping
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/object-mapping/agile-mapper
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/object-mapping/atuo-mapper
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/gitops/argo-cd
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/astro
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/gitops/flux-cd
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/secrets-management
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/vulnerability-scanning
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/stored-procedures
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/transactions
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning/aws-cdk
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/object-mapping/express-mapper
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/object-mapping/mapster
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/orm
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/eleventy
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning/cloudformation
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/typeof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning/pulumi
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/views
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/orm/dapper
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/orm/entity-framework-core
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/design-patterns/architectural-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/design-patterns/dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/design-patterns/gof-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/gatsbyjs
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/gridsome
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/hugo
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/is-loosely-equal
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/orm/entity-framework-core/change-tracker-api
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/orm/entity-framework-core/codefirst-migrations
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/orm/entity-framework-core/framework-basics
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/design-patterns/null-object-pattern
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/design-patterns/type-object-pattern
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/jekyll
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning/terraform
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/is-strictly-equal
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/orm/entity-framework-core/lazy-eager-explicit-loading
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/orm/nhibernate
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/endianess
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/endianess/big-endian
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/endianess/little-endian
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/next-js
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/nuxt-js
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/orm/repodb
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/kubernetes
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/lxc
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/remix
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/vuepress
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/nomad
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management/cloud-specific-tools
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/floating-point-numbers
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/how-computers-work
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/how-computers-work/cpu-cache
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/real-time-communication
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting/allure
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management/sealed-secrets
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/real-time-communication/singlar-core
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/same-value
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/ava
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/chai
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/how-computers-work/how-computers-calculate
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/same-value-zero
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/value-comparison-operators
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management/sops
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/how-computers-work/how-cpu-executes-programs
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/how-computers-work/instructions-and-programs
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/real-time-communication/web-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting/junit
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management/vault
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh/consul
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting/test-rail
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/arithmetic-operators
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/jasmine
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/task-scheduling
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/how-computers-work/registers-and-ram
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/task-scheduling/coravel
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/task-scheduling/hangfire
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/jest
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/kd-trees
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh/envoy
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/assignment-operators
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/task-scheduling/native-background-service
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/kanban
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/safe
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/mocha
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/scrum
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/xp
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/bigint-operators
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking/dns
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking/http
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking/osi-model
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/v-model
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh/istio
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/other-options
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/bitwise-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/comma-operators
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/task-scheduling/quartz
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/waterfall-model
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/conditional-operators
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/template-engines
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/template-engines/dot-liquid
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh/linkerd
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/react-testing-library
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking/sockets
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/template-engines/fluid
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/logical-operators
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking/tcp-ip-model
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/go
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/template-engines/razor
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-vcs
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/template-engines/scriban
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/vitest
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/topics
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/omparison-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/relational-operators
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/type-checkers
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking/tls-https
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/string-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/unary-operators
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/c
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/arguments-object
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/c-plus-plus
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/c-sharp
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/type-checkers/flow
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-vcs/git
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/arrow-functions
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/built-in-functions
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/behavior-testing
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/go
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/java
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/behavior-testing/bddfy
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/behavior-testing/light-bdd
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/python
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/rust
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/python
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/defining-calling-functions
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/behavior-testing/spec-flow
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/concurrency-in-multiple-cores
https://roadmap.sh/qa/topics
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/type-checkers/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/ruby
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/e2e-testing
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/rust
https://roadmap.sh/devops/management-and-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/cpu-interrupts
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/lock-mutex-semaphore
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/e2e-testing/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/e2e-testing/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/function-parameters
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/memory-management
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/e2e-testing/puppeteer
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/version-control-systems/basic-usage-of-git
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/process-forking
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/processes-vs-threads
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/function-parameters/default-params
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/function-parameters/rest-params
https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/react-native
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/iifes
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/atop
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components/custom-elements
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components/html-templates
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/awk
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/bash-scripting
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/axios
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/react-query
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components/shadow-dom
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/relay
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/cat
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/compiling-apps
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/scheduling-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/roadmap-note
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/e2e-testing/selenium
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/rtk-query
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack/closures
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/security
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/integration-testing
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/security/hashing-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/content-security-policy
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/cut
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack/lexical-scoping
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack/recursion
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/security/hashing-encryption-encoding
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/superagent
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/swr
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/cors
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/https
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/urql
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/security/owasp-top-10
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/integration-testing/test-server
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/df
https://roadmap.sh/react/cli-tools
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/owasp-security-risks
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/security/public-key-cryptography
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/react/cli-tools/create-react-app
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/integration-testing/web-application-factory
https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/dig
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/history-of-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/react/cli-tools/vite
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/dtrace
https://roadmap.sh/react/components
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/unit-testing
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/du
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/skip-lists
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/how-to-run-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/unit-testing/fake-it-easy
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/buffer
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/channels
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/class-components
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/unit-testing/fluent-assertions
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/unit-testing/moq
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/unit-testing/mstest
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/echo
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/search-pattern-in-text
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/context
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/substring-search
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/substring-search/boyer-moore
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/substring-search/brute-force-search
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/composition-vs-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/substring-search/knuth-morris-pratt
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/substring-search/rabin-karp
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/suffix-arrays
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/unit-testing/nsubstitute
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/conditional-rendering
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/functional-components
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/javascript-versions
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/go-modules
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/goroutines
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/editors
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/fmt
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/jsx
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/props-vs-state
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/what-is-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-iterators-and-generators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/mutext
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/unit-testing/nunit
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/architectural-styles
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/caching
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/grep
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/unit-testing/shouldly
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/select
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/cdn
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/cloud-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/react/error-boundaries
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/break-continue
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/types-and-type-assertions
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/history
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/working-with-json
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/clustering
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/break-continue/labeled-statements
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/grpc
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/horizontal-vs-vertical-scaling
https://roadmap.sh/react/fiber-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/testing/unit-testing/xunit
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/do-while-statement
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/for-in-statement
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms/final-form
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms/formik
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/htop
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/iostat
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/load-balancing
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms/react-hook-form
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/iptables
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/lsof
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/mtr
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/netstat
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/graphql/gqlgen
https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core/topics
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/for-of-statement
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/long-polling
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/for-statement
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/while-statement
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/nl
https://roadmap.sh/react/frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://roadmap.sh/react/frameworks/next-js
https://roadmap.sh/react/frameworks/remix
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/graphql/graphql-go
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-memory-management
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/nmap
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/nmon
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/proxy
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/ping
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/queues
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/rest
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/short-polling
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/ps
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/sar
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/rest
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/authentication
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/basic-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/basic-hooks/use-effect
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/rest/grequests
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/scp
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-memory-management/garbage-collection
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/screen-multiplexer
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/sse
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/rest/heimdall
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-memory-management/memory-lifecycle
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/basic-hooks/use-state
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-modules
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/arrays
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/basic-syntax
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/common-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/authentication/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/writing-your-own-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-modules/commonjs
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/sed
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/conditionals
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/data-types
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/sort
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/strace
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/web-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-modules/esm
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-strict-mode
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/authentication/cookie-based
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/authentication/jwt
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/apply-method
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/errors-panic-recover
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/for-loop
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/systemtap
https://roadmap.sh/react/mobile
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/functions
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/make
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/maps
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/bind-method
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/call-method
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/explicit-binding
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/authentication/oauth
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/packages
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/range
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/slices
https://roadmap.sh/react/mobile/react-native
https://roadmap.sh/react/portals
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/topics
https://roadmap.sh/react/react-roadmap-note
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/function-borrowing
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/tcpdump
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/authentication/openid
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/structs
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/tries
https://roadmap.sh/customer-stories
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-a-function
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/terminal-multiplexers
https://roadmap.sh/cyber-security
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-a-method
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/component-life-cycle
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/authentication/saml
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/tmux-multiplexer
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/events
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/high-order-components
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/lists-and-keys
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/refs
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/top
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/tr
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/type-inference
https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-arrow-functions
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/authentication/token-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-event-handlers
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/render-props
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/variables
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-building-clis
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-building-clis/cobra
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/avatar
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/traceroute
https://roadmap.sh/react/routers
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/badge
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/using-this-alone
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-building-clis/urfave-cli
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/grpc
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/hateoas
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/json-apis
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/open-api-spec
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/rest
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting/explicit-type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting/implicit-type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/ufw
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/uname
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging/apex
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging/zap
https://roadmap.sh/react/routers/reach-router
https://roadmap.sh/react/routers/react-router
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/uniq
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging/zerolog
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting/type-conversion-coercion
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/go-kit
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/go-zero
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/context
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/mobx
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/hoisting
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/banner
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/button
https://roadmap.sh/backend/apis/soap
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/card
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/grpc-gateway
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/recoil
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/carousel
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/dropdown
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/vmstat
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/wc
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system
https://roadmap.sh/backend/architectural-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/backend/architectural-patterns/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/backend/architectural-patterns/monolithic-apps
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/naming-rules
https://roadmap.sh/backend/architectural-patterns/serverless
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/icon
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/input-checkbox
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/redux-and-redux-toolkit
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/free-bsd
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/grpc-go
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/zustand
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/input-radio
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/input-switch
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/micro
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/protocol-buffers
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/rpcx
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/input-text
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/list
https://roadmap.sh/backend/architectural-patterns/service-mesh
https://roadmap.sh/backend/architectural-patterns/soa
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes/block
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling
https://roadmap.sh/backend/architectural-patterns/twelve-factor-apps
https://roadmap.sh/backend/basic-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/twirp
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/net-bsd
https://roadmap.sh/backend/basic-frontend/css
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes/function
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes/global
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/open-bsd
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/chakra-ui
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations/const
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/loading-indicator
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/watermill
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-orms
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/css-modules
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations/let
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations/var
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/rhel
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/modal
https://roadmap.sh/backend/basic-frontend/html
https://roadmap.sh/backend/basic-frontend/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/backend/caching
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-orms/gorm
https://roadmap.sh/backend/caching/cdn
https://roadmap.sh/backend/caching/client-side
https://roadmap.sh/backend/caching/server-side
https://roadmap.sh/backend/caching/server-side/memcached
https://roadmap.sh/backend/caching/server-side/redis
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/topics
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/emotion
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-realtime-communication
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-realtime-communication/centrifugo
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/select
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/suse-linux
https://roadmap.sh/backend/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/backend/containerization
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/working-with-apis
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/working-with-apis/fetch
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/ubuntu
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/working-with-apis/xml-http-request
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/mantine
https://roadmap.sh/backend/containerization/docker
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-realtime-communication/melody
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/material-ui
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/tabs
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/textarea
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/windows
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/styled-components
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/tailwind
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-testing-your-apps
https://roadmap.sh/backend/containerization/kubernetes
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/toast
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/actions
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/backend/containerization/lxc
https://roadmap.sh/backend/design-and-development-principles
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/app-dynamics
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/instana
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/tooltip
https://roadmap.sh/react/suspense
https://roadmap.sh/backend/design-and-development-principles/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/brand
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/jaeger
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/new-relic
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/brand/design-principles
https://roadmap.sh/backend/design-and-development-principles/domain-driven-design
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/open-telemetry
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/beego
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/backend/design-and-development-principles/event-sourcing
https://roadmap.sh/backend/design-and-development-principles/gof-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/backend/design-and-development-principles/test-driven-development
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/brand/terminology
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/datadog
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/jest
https://roadmap.sh/backend/graph-databases
https://roadmap.sh/backend/graph-databases/neo4j
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/buffalo
https://roadmap.sh/backend/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/grafana
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/monit
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/nagios
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/prometheus
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/brand/tone-of-voice
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/brand/vision
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/zabbix
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/echo
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/gin
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/gofiber
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/react-testing-library
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/vitest
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/backend/graphql/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/brand/writing-guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/gorilla
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/revel
https://roadmap.sh/backend/graphql/relay-modern
https://roadmap.sh/react/topics
https://roadmap.sh/backend/internet
https://roadmap.sh/golang/topics
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/guidelines/accessibility
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/guidelines/microcopy-guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/backend/internet/browsers-and-how-they-work
https://roadmap.sh/readme
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/elastic-stack
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/graylog
https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/guidelines/user-onboarding
https://roadmap.sh/backend/internet/dns-and-how-it-works
https://roadmap.sh/backend/internet/how-does-the-internet-work
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/build-an-application.png
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/git-github.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/logo
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/apollo-server
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/pick-language.svg
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/loki
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/roadmap.png
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/the-fundamentals.png
https://roadmap.sh/backend/internet/what-is-domain-name
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/graphql-http
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/graphql-yoga
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/papertrail
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/splunk
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/logo/different-file-formats
https://roadmap.sh/signup
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/mercurius
https://roadmap.sh/signup?ref_cta=Sign+up&ref_loc=header+logged+out&ref_page=%2F%3Cuser-name%3E%2F%3Crepo-name%3E%2Fblob%2Fshow&source=header-repo
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/dns
https://roadmap.sh/signup?ref_cta=Sign+up&ref_loc=header+logged+out&ref_page=%2F%3Cuser-name%3E%2F%3Crepo-name%3E%2Fblob%2Fshow&source=header-repo&source_repo=kamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/logo/monochrome-version
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/logo/placement-and-clearance-guidance
https://roadmap.sh/backend/internet/what-is-hosting
https://roadmap.sh/backend/internet/what-is-http
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/logo/small-use-guidance
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/logo/usage-guidance
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/producing-the-result
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/bpm-bpel
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language/cpp
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language/csharp
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/asynchronous
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics/atomic-design
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language/go
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/dmarc
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/esb-soap
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/lists
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/scalar-coercion
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language/java
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/synchronous
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/root-fields
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/grpc
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language/php
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics/design-system-examples
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language/python
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language/ruby
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/validation
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations/apollo-client
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/messaging-queues
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/rest
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics/design-system-vs-component-library
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics/need-of-design-system
https://roadmap.sh/backend/learn-a-language/rust
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/domain-keys
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations/relay
https://roadmap.sh/backend/message-brokers
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics/stakeholders-involved
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics/what-is-design-system
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/babok
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations/urql
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/imaps
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/component
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/iaf
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/togaf
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/component-library
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/design-language
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/governance
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/pop3s
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/uml
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-responsibilities
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/pattern
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/graphql-on-the-backend
https://roadmap.sh/backend/message-brokers/kafka
https://roadmap.sh/backend/message-brokers/rabbitmq
https://roadmap.sh/backend/more-about-databases
https://roadmap.sh/backend/more-about-databases/acid
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/atlassian-tools
https://roadmap.sh/backend/more-about-databases/database-normalization
https://roadmap.sh/backend/more-about-databases/failure-modes
https://roadmap.sh/backend/more-about-databases/n-plus-one-problem
https://roadmap.sh/backend/more-about-databases/orms
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/smtp
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/git
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/slack
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/pilot
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/graphql-on-the-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/backend/more-about-databases/profiling-performance
https://roadmap.sh/backend/more-about-databases/transactions
https://roadmap.sh/backend/nosql-databases
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/problems-graphql-solves
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/thinking-in-graphs
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/what-is-graphql
https://roadmap.sh/backend/nosql-databases/column-databases
https://roadmap.sh/backend/nosql-databases/document-databases
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/spf
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/white-grey-listing
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/aliases
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/token
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/ui-kit
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/trello
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/ftp
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/arguments
https://roadmap.sh/backend/nosql-databases/key-value-databases
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/client-server-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/directives
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/distributed-systems
https://roadmap.sh/backend/nosql-databases/realtime-databases
https://roadmap.sh/backend/nosql-databases/timeseries-databases
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/http
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/https
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/osi-model
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/port-forwarding
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/color
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/ssh
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/layered-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/serverless
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/color/accessibility
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/ssl-tls
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/fields
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/service-oriented
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/fragments
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/variables
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/file-system
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/color/dark-mode
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/basic-networking-concepts
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/basic-terminal-commands
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/emc-dms
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/ibm-bpm
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/what-are-queries
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations/multiple-mutation-fields
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/how-oss-work-in-general
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/color/functional-colors
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/io-management
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/memory-storage
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/networking
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/posix
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/processes
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/interprocess-communication
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations/operation-name
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/service-management
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/sockets
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/ms-dynamics
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/salesforce
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations/what-are-mutations
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/pagination
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/io-management
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/memory-management
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/color/guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/sap-epr-hana-business-objects
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/startup-management
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/threads-concurrency
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/balance
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/communication
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/posix-basics
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/process-management
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/consult-and-coach
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/virtualization
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/decision-making
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/terminal-usage
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/apache
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/accessibility
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/grid-relation
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/arguments
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/enums
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/caching-server
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/firewall
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/fields
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/lists
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/objects
https://roadmap.sh/backend/os-general-knowledge/threads-and-concurrency
https://roadmap.sh/backend/relational-databases
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/design-and-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/documentation
https://roadmap.sh/backend/relational-databases/mariadb
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/estimate-and-evaluate
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/forward-proxy
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/backend/relational-databases/mssql
https://roadmap.sh/backend/relational-databases/mysql
https://roadmap.sh/backend/relational-databases/oracle
https://roadmap.sh/backend/relational-databases/postgresql
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/scalars
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/type-system
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/how-to-code
https://roadmap.sh/backend/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/backend/repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/marketing-skills
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/simplifying-things
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/iis
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/load-balancer
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/unions
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet
https://roadmap.sh/backend/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/keywords
https://roadmap.sh/backend/repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/agile-scrum
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/agile-scrum/less
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/nginx
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/naming
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/reserved-icons
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/reverse-proxy
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/sizes
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/agile-scrum/safe
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/style
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/certifications
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/certifications/pmi-itil-prince2-rup
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http/batching
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/horizontal-vertical-scaling
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/instrumentation-monitoring-telemetry
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/asymptotic-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/layout
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/layout/breakpoints
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/tomcat
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/basic-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/basic-authentication/chrome-basic-auth.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/layout/grid
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/layout/spacing
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/layout/units
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/big-o-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/character-encodings.png
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http/caching
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-sse
https://roadmap.sh/devops/topics
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/typography
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/typography/grid-relation
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/typography/guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/typography/performance
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/migration-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/enterprise
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/firewalls
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/typography/readability
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/ci-cd.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/http-https
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/mitigation-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-sse/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-websockets
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/osi-tcp-ip-model
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-websockets/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/typography/responsiveness
https://roadmap.sh/enterprise/startups
https://roadmap.sh/features
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-websockets/real-time
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/dhcp.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/jwt-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/defer-stream-directives
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/event-based-subscriptions
https://roadmap.sh/features/actions
https://roadmap.sh/features/code-review
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/proxies
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/live-queries
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/what-are-subscriptions
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/oauth.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/proxy/forward-proxy.png
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/topics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/proxy/proxy-example.png
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/ab-tests-and-experiments
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/documentation
https://roadmap.sh/features/codespaces
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/existing-design-process
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/proxy/reverse-proxy.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/random-numbers.png
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/validation
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/scaling-databases.svg
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/identify-components
https://roadmap.sh/features/copilot
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/mitigation-strategies/backpressure
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/mitigation-strategies/circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/guides
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/cloud-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/session-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/sso.png
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/mitigation-strategies/graceful-degradation
https://roadmap.sh/features/discussions
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/identify-design-elements
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/token-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/address.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/bitfield.png
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/regional-requirements
https://roadmap.sh/guides/asymptotic-notation
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/visual-audit
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/cloud-providers
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/mitigation-strategies/loadshifting
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/containers
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/choke.png
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/making-a-design-system
https://roadmap.sh/features/issues
https://roadmap.sh/guides/asymptotic-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/infrastructure-as-code
https://roadmap.sh/features/packages
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/client-server-p2p.png
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/mitigation-strategies/throttling
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/making-a-design-system/from-existing-design
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/making-a-design-system/from-scratch
https://roadmap.sh/features/security
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/linux-unix
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/serverless-concepts
https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/download.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/handshake.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scalability/observability
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/info-hash-peer-id.png
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/async-await
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/collections
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/service-mesh
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/core-libraries
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/acid-cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scaling-databases
https://roadmap.sh/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.png
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics/component-analytics
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics/error-logging
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/functional-programming
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics/service-and-health-metrics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/info-hash.png
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/futures
https://roadmap.sh/guides/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/actors
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scaling-databases/cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/cqrs-eventual-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/ddd
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics/tooling-analytics
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications/communication-channel
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/mvc-mvp-mvvm
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/isolates
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/lambdas
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scaling-databases/data-replication
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/message.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/basic-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/basics-of-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/guides/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/lists
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/oop
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications/community-meetings
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/solid
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/tdd
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/streams
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/pieces.png
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scaling-databases/database-indexes
https://roadmap.sh/guides/big-o-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/character-encodings
https://roadmap.sh/guides/character-encodings.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/pipelining.png
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications/faqs
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/trackers.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/backend/scaling-databases/sharding-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications/open-hours
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/task-management
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.png
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/task-management/milestones
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/web-vitals.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/dotnet-framework
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/go
https://roadmap.sh/backend/search-engines
https://roadmap.sh/backend/search-engines/elasticsearch
https://roadmap.sh/backend/search-engines/solr
https://roadmap.sh/backend/server-sent-events
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/java-kotlin-scala
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/task-management/roadmap
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/task-management/ticketing
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics/firebase-analytics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/basics-of-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ci-cd.png
https://roadmap.sh/backend/testing
https://roadmap.sh/backend/testing/functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/backend/testing/integration-testing
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/dns-in-one-picture
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/session-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/guides/consistency-patterns-in-distributed-systems
https://roadmap.sh/guides/design-patterns-for-humans
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics/google-analytics
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics/mix-panel
https://roadmap.sh/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/javascript-typescript
https://roadmap.sh/backend/testing/unit-testing
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/sli-slo-sla.jpeg
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/python
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/ruby
https://roadmap.sh/guides/dhcp.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/dns-in-one-picture
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design/contribution-guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design/design-editor
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics/segment
https://roadmap.sh/guides/history-of-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design/plugins
https://roadmap.sh/guides/http-basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/guides/http-caching
https://roadmap.sh/backend/topics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/guides/journey-to-http2
https://roadmap.sh/guides/jwt-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations
https://roadmap.sh/backend/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/backend/version-control-systems/basic-usage-of-git
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/auth-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/hashing-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/backend/version-control-systems/git
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design/version-control
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/owasp
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/pki
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/bcrypt
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/accessibility-testing
https://roadmap.sh/guides/jwt-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/animated-builder
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/guides/levels-of-seniority
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/content-security-policy
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/code-style
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/animated-widget
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/cors
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/https
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture/application-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/animation-controller
https://roadmap.sh/guides/oauth
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/commit-guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/md5
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/owasp
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture/enterprise-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture/solution-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/guides/oauth.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/proxy-servers
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/what-is-software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/curved-animations
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/hero
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/opacity
https://roadmap.sh/guides/random-numbers
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/scrypt
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/component-catalog
https://roadmap.sh/guides/random-numbers.png
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/contribution-guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/guides/scaling-databases
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/server-security
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/sha-family
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/what-is-software-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/documentation
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/pr-templates
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/release-strategy
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-security-knowledge/ssl-tls
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-servers
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/technical-skills
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/topics
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/bitrise
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-servers/apache
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-servers/caddy
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/microfrontends
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/semantic-versioning
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/unit-testing
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/pwa
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/react-vue-angular
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/topics
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/codemagic
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/fast-lane
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/firebase-app-distribution
https://roadmap.sh/guides/scaling-databases.svg
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/reactive-functional-programming
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/spa-ssr-ssg
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/w3c-and-whatwg-standards
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/github-actions
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics
https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://roadmap.sh/devops/availability
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/built-in-types
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-servers/ms-iis
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-servers/nginx
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-caching.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/guides/session-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/guides/session-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/control-flow-statements
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/dart-pad
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/functions
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/azure-devops-services
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/circle-ci
https://roadmap.sh/guides/session-based-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/operators
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/variables
https://roadmap.sh/backend/web-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/best-practices
https://roadmap.sh/guides/sli-slo-sla.jpeg
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh
https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/deployment
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/sso
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/drone
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-basics
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/deployment/appstore
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/deployment/guidelines-and-protocols
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/github-actions
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/gitlab-ci
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/jenkins
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics/apache-spark
https://roadmap.sh/guides/sso.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/token-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/guides/token-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/torrent-client
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/teamcity
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/deployment/playstore
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-basics/applications-and-uses
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-basics/basic-blockchain-operations
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-basics/blockchain-structure
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/travis-ci
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/IBM-Cloud
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics/datawarehouses-principles
https://roadmap.sh/guides/unfamiliar-codebase
https://roadmap.sh/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics/hadoop
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/etl-datawarehouses
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles
https://roadmap.sh/guides/web-vitals.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/hadoop-spark-mapreduce
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/nosql-databases
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-basics/decentralization
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/sql-databases
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-basics/what-is-blockchain
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/albaba-cloud
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/aws
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/azure
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/digital-ocean
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/google-cloud
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles/dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-basics/why-blockchain-matters
https://roadmap.sh/guides/what-are-web-vitals
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/heroku
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles/design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchain-forking
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/oauth.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles/oop
https://roadmap.sh/guides/what-is-internet
https://roadmap.sh/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/linode
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/vultr
https://roadmap.sh/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore
https://roadmap.sh/http2.github.iohttp2-spec
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchain-interoperability
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/blackboard-pattern
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/http2.github.iohttp2-spec/#FrameTypes
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/evm-based
https://roadmap.sh/devops/data-management
https://roadmap.sh/devops/design-and-implementation
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/evm-based/avalanche
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/evm-based/binance-smart-chain
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/evm-based/ethereum
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles/solid-principles
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/evm-based/fantom
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/evm-based/gnosis-chain
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management/ansible
https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/basics-of-threads
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/domain-driven-design
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/event-sourcing
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/collection-framework
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/garbage-collection
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/evm-based/huobi-eco-chain
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/evm-based/moonbeam-moonriver
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/message-queues-streams
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/evm-based/polygon
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dev-tools
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dev-tools/flutter-inspector
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management/chef
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/microkernel
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management/puppet
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/generics
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/model-view-controller
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management/salt
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/containers
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/docker
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dev-tools/flutter-outline
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/docker-swarm
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/gitops
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/serverless-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/soa
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/how-jvm-works
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/l2-blockchains
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dev-tools/memory-allocation
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/flutter-internals
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/memory-management
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/networking-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/boundaries
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/component-principles
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/l2-blockchains/arbitrum
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/gitops/argo-cd
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/serialization
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/coupling-and-cohesion
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/policy-vs-detail
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/flutter-internals/immutability
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/streams
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/flutter-internals/render-objects
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/gitops/flux-cd
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools/ant
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools/gradle
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/l2-blockchains/moonbeam-moonriver
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools/maven
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/distributed
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/distributed/client-server
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning/aws-cdk
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/solana
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/flutter-internals/trees
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/blockchains/ton
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/distributed/peer-to-peer
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning/cloudformation
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/package-manager
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/package-manager/flutter-pub-dart-pub
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/package-manager/pub-dev
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/consensus-protocols
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/cryptocurrencies
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/sso.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/cryptography
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/cryptowallets
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/reactive-programming
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning/pulumi
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/basic-syntax
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning/terraform
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/conditionals
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/decentralization-vs-trust
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/messaging
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/messaging/event-driven
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/kubernetes
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/messaging/publish-subscribe
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/lxc
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/data-types-variables
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/datastructures
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/reactive-programming/rxdart
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural/component-based
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/nomad
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/mining-and-incentive-models
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-general-knowledge/storage
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural/layered
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-oracles
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural/monolithic
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/exception-handling
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/files-and-apis
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management/cloud-specific-tools
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management/sealed-secrets
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management/sops
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/functions
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/loops
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management/vault
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-oracles/chainlink
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/oop
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/packages
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/flutter-cli
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/ides
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-jdbc
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/ides/android-studio
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-jdbc/jdbc-template
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/ides/intellij-idea
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/avoid-hasty-abstractions
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-oracles/hybrid-smart-contracts
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-oracles/oracle-networks
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh/consul
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-jdbc/jdbi3
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/ides/vs-code
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh/envoy
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh/istio
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh/linkerd
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/log4j2
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/avoid-passing-nulls-booleans
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/bloc
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/flutter-bloc
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/get-x
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/provider
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/practices
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/logback
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/be-consistent
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/code-by-actor
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/go
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/redux
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/velocity-x
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/python
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/slf4j
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/practices/common-threat-vectors
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/command-query-separation
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/indentation-and-code-style
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/keep-framework-code-distant
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/practices/fuzz-testing-and-static-analysis
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/ruby
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/keep-it-small
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/keep-tests-independent
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/tinylog
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/practices/source-of-randomness-attacks
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/tools
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/meaningful-names
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/rust
https://roadmap.sh/devops/management-and-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/authentication
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/firestore
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/ebean
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/minimize-cyclomatic-complexity
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/branches
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/hibernate
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/jpa
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/push-notifications
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/pure-functions
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/use-correct-constructs
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/atop
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/commit/f12ec6eea63a0e9a64ff3b3fb3e133cb154d7c80
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/commits/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/find/master
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/spring-data-jpa
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/tools/echidna
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/use-meaningful-names
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/awk
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/issues
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/pulls
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/bash-scripting
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/cat
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/remote-config
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/pulse
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/compiling-apps
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/design-patterns/gof-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/cut
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/storage
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/tools/manticore
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/df
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/tools/mythx
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/blockchain-security/tools/slither
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/shared-preferences
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/sqlite
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/design-patterns/posa-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/play-framework
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/dig
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/dtrace
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/du
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/bdd
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/commands-queries
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/spark
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/echo
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/editors
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/fmt
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/grep
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/history
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/htop
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/integration-testing
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/spring
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/domain-models
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/iostat
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/iptables
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/ethereum-2
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/on-chain-scaling
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/lsof
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/optimistic-rollups-and-fraud-proofs
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/cucumber-jvm
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/cukes
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/tdd
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/unit-testing
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/mtr
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/netstat
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/nl
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/dtos
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/widget-testing
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/topics
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/nmap
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/entities
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/identity-maps
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/plasma
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/nmon
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/jbehave
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/sidechains
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/jmeter
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/version-control-systems/git
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/mappers
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/ping
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/state-and-payment-channels
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/junit
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/mocking
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/rest-assured
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/ps
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/validium
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/building-for-scale/zero-knowledge-rollups-and-zero-knowledge-proof
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/applicability
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/stateful-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/stateless-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/styled-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/styled-widgets/cupertino-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/styled-widgets/material-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/orms
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/testng
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis/json
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/sar
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/repositories
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/applicability/daos
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/topics
https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/scp
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/callbacks
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis/restful-apis
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/applicability/defi
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/applicability/insurance
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/applicability/nfts
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/applicability/payments
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/screen-multiplexer
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/sed
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis/web-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/transaction-script
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/use-cases
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets/fonts
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/architecture
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-libraries
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/security
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tags
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/value-objects
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-libraries/ethers-js
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets/images
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/anemic-models
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/callbacks/callback-hell
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/event-loop
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/class-invariants
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/domain-language
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/sort
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/domain-models
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/layered-architectures
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/promises
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-libraries/moralis
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-libraries/web3-js
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/promises/async-await
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/strace
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fasymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets/other-file-types
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/set-interval
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/abstract-classes
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Favoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fbasics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/set-timeout
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/systemtap
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/tcpdump
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fbig-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fcharacter-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fdesign-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/terminal-multiplexers
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-nodes
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-nodes/besu
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/concrete-classes
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/scope-visibility
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/tmux-multiplexer
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fdhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/top
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/auth-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/bonus-content
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/tr
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-nodes/geth
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools/debugging-issues
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/traceroute
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/ufw
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/uname
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/uniq
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-nodes/nethermind
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/client-nodes/substrate
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/abstraction
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/encapsulation
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fdns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fhistory-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/vmstat
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/wc
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/polymorphism
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/deployment
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fhttp-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fhttp-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fjourney-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools/debugging-memory-leaks
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fjwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Flevels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Foauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fproxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters/eslint
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters/prettier
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters/standardjs
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/frontend-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/frontend-frameworks/angular
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms/functional-programming
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Frandom-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fscaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/frontend-frameworks/react
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fsession-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools/debugging-performance
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-classes
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fsession-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/free-bsd
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fsso.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/frontend-frameworks/vue
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms/object-oriented-programming
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Ftoken-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/maintenance
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/esbuild
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms/structured-programming
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/net-bsd
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/conditional-statements
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/composition-over-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/dry
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/conditional-statements/if-else
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/parcel
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/node-as-a-service
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/node-as-a-service/alchemy
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/node-as-a-service/infura
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/conditional-statements/switch
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/open-bsd
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/encapsulate-what-varies
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/rhel
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Ftorrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/hollywood-principle
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/program-against-abstractions
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling/throw-statement
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/suse-linux
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/rollup
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/vite
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/ubuntu
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/windows
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/webpack
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/solid
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Funfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhat-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhat-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/node-as-a-service/moralis
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/node-as-a-service/quicknode
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/security
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling/try-catch-finally
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling/utilizing-error-objects
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/yagni
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhat-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/supporting-languages
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhy-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/task-runners
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/supporting-languages/go
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/app-dynamics
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/topics
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/supporting-languages/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/supporting-languages/python
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/instana
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/jaeger
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/dapps/testing
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/management-platforms
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/management-platforms/open-zeppelin
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/task-runners/npm-scripts
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/new-relic
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/indexed-collections
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/indexed-collections/arrays
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis
https://roadmap.sh/solutions/ci-cd/
https://roadmap.sh/sponsors
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/open-telemetry
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/datadog
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/indexed-collections/typed-arrays
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/api-calls-http
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/autconfiguration
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/embedded-server
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contract-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate/entity-lifecycle
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contract-frameworks/brownie
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture/bem
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contract-frameworks/foundry
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate/relationships
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/grafana
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/monit
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/map
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/set
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate/transactions
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/axios
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture/oocss
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/nagios
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/express-js
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/fastify
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/got
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/weak-map
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/weak-set
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/structured-data
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/structured-data/json
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contract-frameworks/hardhat
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/http-module
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture/smacss
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contract-frameworks/truffle
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/prometheus
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/zabbix
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/cloud-config
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/jsonwebtoken
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/css-first
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/css-first/bootstrap
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/css-first/bulma
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/eureka
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/hystrix
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object/builtin-objects
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/nest-js
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/passport-js
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/elastic-stack
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/sleuth
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/unfetch
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/crypto-faucets
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/graylog
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/loki
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/papertrail
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/splunk
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/crypto-wallets
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/decentralized-storage
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/dns
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object/prototypal-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object/prototype
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/primitive-types
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-gateway
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-openfeign
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/deployment
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/erc-tokens
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/chakra-ui
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/daisy-ui
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/mantine
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/ides
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/dmarc
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-boot-actuators
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-boot-starters
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/typeof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/async-await
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/material-ui
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/annotations
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/domain-keys
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/imaps
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/pop3s
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/callbacks
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/is-loosely-equal
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/smtp
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/configuration
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/is-strictly-equal
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction/architecture
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction/terminology
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/event-emitter
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/radix-ui
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction/why-spring
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-aop
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/same-value
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/same-value-zero
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/value-comparison-operators
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-bean-scope
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-ioc
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/event-loop
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/spf
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/white-grey-listing
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/tailwind-css
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/programming-languages
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-mvc
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/ftp
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/http
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/https
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/arithmetic-operators
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors/less
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors/postcss
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/process-next-tick
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/promises
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors/sass
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css/learn-the-basics
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/programming-languages/rust
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/set-immediate
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/osi-model
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data/spring-data-jdbc
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/assignment-operators
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/set-interval
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/port-forwarding
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data/spring-data-jpa
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data/spring-data-mongodb
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/set-timeout
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/command-line-args
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/bigint-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/bitwise-operators
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/command-line-args/commander-js
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/ssh
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/command-line-args/process-argv
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/environment-variables
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/programming-languages/solidity
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/comma-operators
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css/making-layouts
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/architecture
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/programming-languages/vyper
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/ssl-tls
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/conditional-operators
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/environment-variables/dotenv
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/environment-variables/process-env
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/exitting-and-exit-codes
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/logical-operators
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/components
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/file-system
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css/responsive-design-and-media-queries
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/jsp-files
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/servlet
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/carlo
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/electron
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/testing
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/testing/code-coverage
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/io-management
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/tauri
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/testing/integration-tests
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/authentication
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/omparison-operators
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/chalk
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/memory-storage
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/networking
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/posix
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/relational-operators
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/jwt-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/oauth2
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/processes
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/string-operators
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/graphql/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/graphql/relay-modern
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/jpa-test
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/service-management
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/cli-progress
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/testing/unit-tests
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/mock-mvc
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/mockbean-annotation
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/figlet
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/process-stderr
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/process-stdout
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/unary-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/arguments-object
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/arrow-functions
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/accessibility
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/spring-boot-test-annotation
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/conventions-and-best-practices
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/smart-contracts/upgrades
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/built-in-functions
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/forms-and-validations
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/learn-the-basics
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/sockets
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/topics
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input/inquirer
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/seo-basics
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/topics
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/writing-semantic-html
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/startup-management
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/threads-concurrency
https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/defining-calling-functions
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/application-layer
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input/process-stdin
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input/prompts
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-common-modules
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/application-layer/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/virtualization
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/browsers-and-how-they-work
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/dns-and-how-it-works
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/blockchain/version-control-systems/git
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/apache
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/caching-server
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/function-parameters
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/function-parameters/default-params
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/how-does-the-internet-work
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/function-parameters/rest-params
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-common-modules/builtin-modules
https://roadmap.sh/collections
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/application-layer/service-discovery
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism/back-pressure
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism/message-queues
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism/task-queues
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/firewall
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/iifes
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/what-is-domain-name
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/what-is-hosting
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns/availability-in-numbers
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns/fail-over
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns/replication
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-vs-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-vs-consistency/cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/what-is-http
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/big-omega-notation
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/forward-proxy
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/big-theta-notation
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document/mongoose
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/concepts
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/es6-and-modular-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/iis
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack/closures
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes/constant
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/load-balancer
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/nginx
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/reverse-proxy
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document/native-drivers
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document/prisma
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/tomcat
https://roadmap.sh/devops/topics
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack/lexical-scoping
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack/recursion
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs/event-driven
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs/returning-results
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/enterprise
https://roadmap.sh/enterprise/startups
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/learn-dom-manipulation
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/learn-fetch-api-ajax-xhr
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/syntax-and-basic-constructs
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/knex
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/native-drivers
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs/schedule-driven
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes/exponential
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/history-of-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/prisma
https://roadmap.sh/features
https://roadmap.sh/features/actions
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/sequelize
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/type-orm
https://roadmap.sh/features/code-review
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/async-errors
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/how-to-run-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes/factorial
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/application-caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/ionic
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/assertion-errors
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/cache-aside
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/refresh-ahead
https://roadmap.sh/features/codespaces
https://roadmap.sh/features/copilot
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/javascript-errors
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/javascript-versions
https://roadmap.sh/features/discussions
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/write-behind
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/nativescript
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/react-native
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes/linear
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/system-errors
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes/logarithmic
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/asymptotic-notation/common-runtimes/polynomial
https://roadmap.sh/features/issues
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/what-is-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-iterators-and-generators
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/write-through
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/cdn-caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/client-caching
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/css-modules
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/user-specified-errors
https://roadmap.sh/features/packages
https://roadmap.sh/features/security
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/stack-trace
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/database-caching
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/emotion
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/styled-components
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/styled-jsx
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers
https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/uncaught-exceptions
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees/avl-trees
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/web-server-caching
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/async-await
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/collections
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/break-continue
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers/npm
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers/pnpm
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/core-libraries
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/functional-programming
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees/b-tree
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees/n-ary-trees
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/futures
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/isolates
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/lambdas
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/lists
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/using-debugger
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/cache-aside
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/break-continue/labeled-statements
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/do-while-statement
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers/yarn
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees/red-black-trees
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/angular
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/angular/ngrx
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/angular/rxjs
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/streams
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/for-in-statement
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics/firebase-analytics
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js/mobx
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/history-of-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js/recoil
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees/the-2-3-4-trees
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics/google-analytics
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics/mix-panel
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/balanced-search-trees/the-2-3-search-trees
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/basic-math-skills
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/for-of-statement
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js/redux
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/event-sourcing
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/nodejs-vs-browser
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/running-nodejs-code
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/for-statement
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/while-statement
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/basic-math-skills/combinatorics
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/basic-math-skills/probability
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/bitwise-operators
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/character-encodings
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics/segment
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/index-table
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/materialized-view
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/what-is-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-memory-management
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/solid-js
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/svelte
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/character-encodings/ascii
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/character-encodings/unicode
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/sharding
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/static-content-hosting
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/vue-js
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/valet-key
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/ambassador
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/why-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/anti-corruption-layer
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/backends-for-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/compute-resource-consolidation
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-memory-management/garbage-collection
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/back-tracking-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/back-tracking-algorithms/finding-hamiltonian-paths
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/external-configuration-store
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/vue-js/pinia
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/animated-builder
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/browser-devtools
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-memory-management/memory-lifecycle
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/gateway-aggregation
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/animated-widget
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/animation-controller
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/back-tracking-algorithms/knights-tour-problem
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/back-tracking-algorithms/maze-solving-problem
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/back-tracking-algorithms/solving-n-queen-problem
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/credentials
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-modules
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-modules/commonjs
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-modules/esm
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-strict-mode
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/cache-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/cache-algorithms/lfu-cache
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/curved-animations
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/device-orientation
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/lighthouse
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/forever
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/hero
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/opacity
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/cache-algorithms/lru-cache
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/gateway-offloading
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/nohup
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/gateway-routing
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/apply-method
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/cache-algorithms/mfu-cache
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/location
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/notifications
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/leader-election
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/pipes-and-filters
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/payments
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/performance-metrics
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/pm2
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running/nodemon
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/graph-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/sidecar
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/bind-method
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/bitrise
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/call-method
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/explicit-binding
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/static-content-hosting
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-logging
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/graph-algorithms/a-star-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/prpl-pattern
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/codemagic
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/function-borrowing
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-a-function
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-a-method
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/strangler-fig
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-logging/morgan
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-logging/winston
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/fast-lane
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/graph-algorithms/bellman-fords-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/firebase-app-distribution
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/github-actions
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/built-in-types
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/control-flow-statements
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/asynchronous-request-reply
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/choreography
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-arrow-functions
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/graph-algorithms/breadth-first-search
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/graph-algorithms/depth-first-search
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-event-handlers
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/using-this-alone
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/claim-check
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/competing-consumers
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/rail-model
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/pipes-and-filters
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/priority-queue
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/publisher-subscriber
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/queue-based-load-leveling
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/scheduling-agent-supervisor
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/dart-pad
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/graph-algorithms/dijkstras-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/server-sent-events
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/service-workers
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules/commonjs-vs-esm
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules/custom-modules
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/sequential-convoy
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/greedy-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/storage
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/functions
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/greedy-algorithms/dijkstras-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules/global-keyword
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/greedy-algorithms/ford-fulkerson-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/operators
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/web-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/variables
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/deployment
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/greedy-algorithms/huffman-coding
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/memory-leaks
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting/explicit-type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting/implicit-type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting/type-conversion-coercion
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/deployment/appstore
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/deployment/guidelines-and-protocols
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/deployment/playstore
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles/dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles/design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/greedy-algorithms/kruskas-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/memory-leaks/garbage-collection
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles/oop
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/hoisting
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/greedy-algorithms/prims-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/naming-rules
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/deployment-stamps
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/angular
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/angular/universal
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles/solid-principles
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/recursion
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dev-tools
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/node-inspect
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js/after-js
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js/next-js
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/geodes
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dev-tools/flutter-inspector
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/health-endpoint-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/queue-based-load-leveling
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js/remix
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/svelte
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/using-apm
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/throttling
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/svelte/svelte-kit
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dev-tools/flutter-outline
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dev-tools/memory-allocation
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes/block
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/flutter-internals
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/recursion/non-tail-recursion
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/bulkhead
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes/function
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes/global
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/flutter-internals/immutability
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/flutter-internals/render-objects
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/creating-packages
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/recursion/tail-recursion
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/robin-karp-algorithm
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/vue-js
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/global-install-vs-local-install
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/deployment-stamps
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/geodes
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/flutter-internals/trees
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations/const
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/search-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/search-algorithms/binary-search
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/package-manager
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/package-manager/flutter-pub-dart-pub
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/vue-js/nuxt-js
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations/let
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations/var
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/npm-workspaces
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/npx
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/health-endpoint-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/astro
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/eleventy
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/package-manager/pub-dev
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/reactive-programming
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/search-algorithms/linear-search
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/reactive-programming/rxdart
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/bulkhead
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/gatsbyjs
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/topics
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/running-scripts
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/updating-packages
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/gridsome
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/hugo
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/jekyll
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/compensating-transaction
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/working-with-apis
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/working-with-apis/fetch
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms/bubble-sort
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/next-js
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/working-with-apis/xml-http-request
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/using-packages
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-streams
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms/heap-sort
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms/insertion-sort
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/flutter-cli
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/ides
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/health-endpoint-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms/merge-sort
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms/quick-sort
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/sorting-algorithms/selection-sort
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/tree-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/tree-algorithms/breadth-first-search
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/actions
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/leader-election
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/queue-based-load-leveling
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/ides/android-studio
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/ides/intellij-idea
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/nuxt-js
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/remix
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/retry
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/scheduler-agent-supervisor
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security/federated-identity
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/vuepress
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines/ejs
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/ides/vs-code
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/bloc
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/flutter-bloc
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/get-x
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/provider
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/tree-algorithms/depth-first-search
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/tree-algorithms/in-order-traversal
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/tree-algorithms/post-order-traversal
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/redux
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security/gatekeeper
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines/marko
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/ava
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security/valet-key
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/velocity-x
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-algorithms/tree-algorithms/pre-order-traversal
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/chai
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/authentication
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/firestore
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-uml-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines/pug
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/jasmine
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/jest
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-uml-diagrams/activity-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/grpc
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/http
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-uml-diagrams/class-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-uml-diagrams/sequence-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/rest
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/push-notifications
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/remote-config
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/storage
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/shared-preferences
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/mocha
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/other-options
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/react-testing-library
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-uml-diagrams/statemachine-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/common-uml-diagrams/usecase-diagrams
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/sqlite
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/co-np
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/rpc
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/tcp
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing/jest
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/udp
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing/mocha
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/bdd
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/vitest
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads/child-process
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/np
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns/eventual-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns/strong-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads/cluster
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads/worker-threads
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/integration-testing
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/tdd
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/unit-testing
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/np-complete
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/topics
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns/weak-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/content-delivery-networks
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/content-delivery-networks/pull-cdns
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/type-checkers
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/type-checkers/flow
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/chokidar
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/type-checkers/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/np-complete/knapsack-problem
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/version-control-systems/basic-usage-of-git
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/widget-testing
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/dirname
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/filename
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/fs-extra
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/content-delivery-networks/push-cdns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/np-complete/longest-path-problem
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components/custom-elements
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components/html-templates
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/fs-module
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/topics
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/np-complete/travelling-salesman-problem
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/np-hard
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components/shadow-dom
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/version-control-systems/git
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/document-store
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/graph-databases
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/glob
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/p
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/complexity-classes/p-equals-np
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/array
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/graph
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/content-security-policy
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/cors
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/key-value-store
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/https
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/stateful-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/wide-column-store
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/stateless-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/globby
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/path-module
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/process-cwd
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/graph/directed-graph
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/styled-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/styled-widgets/cupertino-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/styled-widgets/material-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/graph/graph-representation
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/owasp-security-risks
https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/topics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/graph/spanning-tree
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/postgresql-dba
https://roadmap.sh/pricing
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/denormalization
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/graph/undirected-graph
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/hash-table
https://roadmap.sh/privacy
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/federation
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/buffer
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/channels
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/context
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis/json
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis/restful-apis
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis/web-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/replication
https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/heap
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets/fonts
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/arrays-linked-lists
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/linked-list
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/queue
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets/images
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets/other-file-types
https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/auth-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/bonus-content
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/sharding
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/sql-tuning
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/binary-search-trees
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/hash-tables
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/heaps-stacks-queues
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/recursion
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/sorting-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/sql-vs-nosql
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/domain-name-system
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/stack
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree/balanced-tree
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree/binary-search-tree
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/decorators
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/generator-expressions
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/idempotent-operations
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters/eslint
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters/prettier
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters/standardjs
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/go-modules
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction/how-to-approach-system-design
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction/what-is-system-design
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/goroutines
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/iterators
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/lambdas
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree/binary-tree
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree/complete-binary-tree
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/list-comprehensions
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree/full-binary-tree
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/mutext
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/modules
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction/who-is-this-guide-for
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/select
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/esbuild
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/latency-vs-throughput
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/parcel
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/rollup
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/vite
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/webpack
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/types-and-type-assertions
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/working-with-json
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/data-structures/tree/unbalanced-tree
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/horizontal-scaling
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/layer-4-load-balancing
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/modules/builtin-modules
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/modules/custom-modules
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/task-runners
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/task-runners/npm-scripts
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/acid-model
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/base-model
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/layer-7-load-balancing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/lb-vs-reverse-proxy
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/database-federation
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/graphql/gqlgen
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture/bem
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/load-balancing-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/dcl
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture/oocss
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/graphql/graphql-go
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/ddl
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/dml
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/rest
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/rest/grequests
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop/classes
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/availability-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/health-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/instrumentation
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/performance-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/security-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/rest/heimdall
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/dql
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture/smacss
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/css-first
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/css-first/bootstrap
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/css-first/bulma
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop/inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop/methods-dunder
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/usage-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/arrays
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/entity-relationship-model
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/visualization-and-alerts
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/chakra-ui
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/basic-syntax
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/conditionals
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/data-types
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/daisy-ui
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/paradigms
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/regular-expressions
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/errors-panic-recover
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/for-loop
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/functions
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/make
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/busy-database
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/mantine
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/maps
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/indexes
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/basic-syntax
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/material-ui
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/locking
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/packages
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/range
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/slices
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/structs
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/type-inference
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/variables
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/conditionals
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/radix-ui
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/busy-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/chatty-io
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/normalization-denormalization
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/pacelc-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/functions
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/tailwind-css
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/extraneous-fetching
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-building-clis
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/lists-tuples-sets-dictionaries
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors/less
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors/postcss
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/replication
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors/sass
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/improper-instantiation
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/string-methods
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/typecasting-exceptions
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/variables-and-datatypes
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-building-clis/cobra
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-building-clis/urfave-cli
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/sharding
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/sql-vs-nosql-databases
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/stored-procedures
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css/learn-the-basics
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css/making-layouts
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/aiohttp
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css/responsive-design-and-media-queries
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/monolithic-persistence
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging/apex
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/no-caching
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/transactions
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging/zap
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/gevent
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/sanic
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/tornado
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/fastapi
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/asymptotic-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.png
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/noisy-neighbor
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/retry-storm
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous/django
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/carlo
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/electron
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/synchronous-io
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging/zerolog
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous/flask
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous/pyramid
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/basic-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/basic-authentication/chrome-basic-auth.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/databases/views
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-vs-scalability
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/go-kit
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/topics
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/design-patterns/architectural-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/big-o-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers/conda
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/tauri
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/go-zero
https://roadmap.sh/team
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/character-encodings.png
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers/pip
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/graphql/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/design-patterns/dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/grpc-gateway
https://roadmap.sh/terms
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/design-patterns/gof-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/graphql/relay-modern
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers/pypi
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-roadmap-note
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/grpc-go
https://roadmap.sh/topics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/ci-cd.png
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/design-patterns/null-object-pattern
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/design-patterns/type-object-pattern
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/endianess
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/accessibility
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/conventions-and-best-practices
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/micro
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/dhcp.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/jwt-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/oauth.png
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/endianess/big-endian
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/endianess/little-endian
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/doctest
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/nose
https://roadmap.sh/trending
https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/conditional-types
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/protocol-buffers
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/proxy/forward-proxy.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/forms-and-validations
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/floating-point-numbers
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/how-computers-work
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/rpcx
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/pytest
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/unittest-pyunit
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/learn-the-basics
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/seo-basics
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/twirp
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/watermill
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/how-computers-work/cpu-cache
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/how-computers-work/how-computers-calculate
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/proxy/proxy-example.png
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/how-computers-work/how-cpu-executes-programs
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/literal-types
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/writing-semantic-html
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/proxy/reverse-proxy.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/random-numbers.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/browsers-and-how-they-work
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/dns-and-how-it-works
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/mapped-types
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/how-computers-work/instructions-and-programs
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/recursive-types
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/scaling-databases.svg
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-orms
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/how-does-the-internet-work
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-orms/gorm
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-realtime-communication
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/what-is-domain-name
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/what-is-hosting
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/how-computers-work/registers-and-ram
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/kd-trees
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-realtime-communication/centrifugo
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-realtime-communication/melody
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/session-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/what-is-http
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/template-literal-types
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/concepts
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/es6-and-modular-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/learn-dom-manipulation
https://roadmap.sh/python/topics
https://roadmap.sh/python/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/sso.png
https://roadmap.sh/python/version-control-systems/basic-git-usage
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking/dns
https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/learn-fetch-api-ajax-xhr
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/syntax-and-basic-constructs
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/token-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/address.png
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-testing-your-apps
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/bitfield.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/choke.png
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking/http
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking/osi-model
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/client-server-p2p.png
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/abstract-classes
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/karate-framework
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/postman-newman
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking/sockets
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/download.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/ionic
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/access-modifiers
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/rest-assured
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/nativescript
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/react-native
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking/tcp-ip-model
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/networking/tls-https
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/c
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/handshake.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/info-hash-peer-id.png
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/soap-ui
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/c-plus-plus
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/constructor-overloading
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/info-hash.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/css-modules
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/constructor-params
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/inheritance-vs-polymorphism
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/beego
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/message.png
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/buffalo
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/echo
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/method-overriding
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/c-sharp
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/emotion
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/styled-components
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/pieces.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/pipelining.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/styled-jsx
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/jasmine
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/gin
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/gofiber
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/go
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/java
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/python
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/pick-a-language/rust
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/gorilla
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/intersection-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/keyof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/type-aliases
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/trackers.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.png
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/revel
https://roadmap.sh/golang/topics
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/jest
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers/npm
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/web-vitals.png
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/concurrency-in-multiple-cores
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/union-types
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers/pnpm
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers/yarn
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/basics-of-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/nightwatch
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/dns-in-one-picture
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/apollo-server
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/session-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/cpu-interrupts
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/decorators
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/angular
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/sli-slo-sla.jpeg
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/lock-mutex-semaphore
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/graphql-http
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/graphql-yoga
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/build-tools
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/mercurius
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/memory-management
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/angular/ngrx
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/angular/rxjs
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/process-forking
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/producing-the-result
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/asynchronous
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/puppeteer
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/processes-vs-threads
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/lists
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/scalar-coercion
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/processes-and-threads/scheduling-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js/mobx
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js/recoil
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/formatting
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/qa-wolf
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/synchronous
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/roadmap-note
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js/redux
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/solid-js
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/robot-framework
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/selenium
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/root-fields
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/linting
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/security
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/svelte
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/vue-js
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/validation
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/useful-packages
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/functions
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/functions/function-overloading
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/functions/typing-functions
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/webdriver-io
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/generics
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/vue-js/pinia
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/security/hashing-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/security/hashing-encryption-encoding
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/generics/generic-constraints
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/generics/generic-types
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/browser-devtools
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/security/owasp-top-10
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/ajax
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/security/public-key-cryptography
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/credentials
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/extending-interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/hybrid-types
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations/apollo-client
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/device-orientation
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/browser-devtools
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/caching
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/csr-vs-ssr
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations/relay
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations/urql
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/skip-lists
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/html-css-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/responsive-vs-adaptive
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/lighthouse
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/location
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/swas-pwas-jamstack
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/graphql-on-the-backend
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/search-pattern-in-text
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/graphql-on-the-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/problems-graphql-solves
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/interface-declaration
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/types-vs-interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/ambient-modules
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/thinking-in-graphs
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/what-is-graphql
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/browser-addons
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/notifications
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/aliases
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/substring-search
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/bug-management
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/external-modules
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/substring-search/boyer-moore
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/substring-search/brute-force-search
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/global-augmentation
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/arguments
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/directives
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/substring-search/knuth-morris-pratt
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/namespace-augmentation
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/fields
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/fragments
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/check-my-links
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/payments
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/ghost-inspector
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/selenium-ide
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/namespaces
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/variables
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/what-are-queries
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/appium
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/substring-search/rabin-karp
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/string-search-and-manipulations/suffix-arrays
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/architectural-styles
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/caching
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/detox
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/espresso
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/xcuitest
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/cdn
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/performance-metrics
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/cloud-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/prpl-pattern
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations/multiple-mutation-fields
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations/operation-name
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations/what-are-mutations
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/topics
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/qtest
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/clustering
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-compatibility
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/pagination
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/test-link
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-caching.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/test-rail
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/zephyr
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/assembla
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/arguments
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/rail-model
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/server-sent-events
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/service-workers
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/equality
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/instanceof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/truthiness
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/atlassian
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/grpc
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/horizontal-vs-vertical-scaling
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/type-predicates
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/typeof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/storage
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/web-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/load-balancing
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/enums
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/trello
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-inference
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/youtrack
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/test-oracles
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/test-prioritization
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/fields
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/any
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/lists
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/long-polling
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/array
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/boolean
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/class
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/enum
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/tester-mindset
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/interface
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/objects
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/proxy
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/oauth.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/queues
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/rest
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches/black-box-testing
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/short-polling
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches/gray-box-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches/white-box-testing
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/scalars
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/never
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/null
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/type-system
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/exploratory-testing
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/number
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/object
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/integration-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/regression-testing
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/angular
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/sse
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/satisfies-keyword
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/string
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/unions
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/system-design/web-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/topics
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/angular/universal
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/tuple
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/as-any
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/sanity-testing
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http/batching
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/smoke-testing
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/uat
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http/caching
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/computer-science/tries
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js/after-js
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/unit-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/load-testing
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/as-const
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/as-type
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/non-null-assertion
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/undefined
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-sse
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-sse/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js/next-js
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js/remix
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/unknown
https://roadmap.sh/customer-stories
https://roadmap.sh/cyber-security
https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/svelte
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/performance-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/security-testing
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-websockets
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/svelte/svelte-kit
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/avatar
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/stress-testing
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/void
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/badge
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/vue-js
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/what-is-qa
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-websockets/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-websockets/real-time
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/banner
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/button
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/card
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/carousel
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/azure-devops-services
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/defer-stream-directives
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/vue-js/nuxt-js
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/dropdown
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/icon
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/install-configure
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/input-checkbox
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/install-configure/compiler-options
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/sso.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/input-radio
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/input-switch
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/bamboo
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/event-based-subscriptions
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/input-text
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/list
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/astro
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/eleventy
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/live-queries
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/what-are-subscriptions
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/topics
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/circle-ci
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/install-configure/tsconfig-json
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/validation
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/gatsbyjs
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/loading-indicator
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/modal
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/select
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/tabs
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript/ts-node
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/textarea
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/toast
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript/ts-playground
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript/tsc
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/drone
https://roadmap.sh/guides
https://roadmap.sh/guides/asymptotic-notation
https://roadmap.sh/guides/asymptotic-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer
https://roadmap.sh/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.png
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/ts-js-interoperability
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/typescript-vs-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/gridsome
https://roadmap.sh/guides/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/guides/basic-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/core-components/tooltip
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/gitlab-ci
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/awaited
https://roadmap.sh/guides/basics-of-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/guides/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/hugo
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/guides/big-o-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/brand
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/brand/design-principles
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/brand/terminology
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/brand/tone-of-voice
https://roadmap.sh/guides/character-encodings
https://roadmap.sh/guides/character-encodings.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/jenkins
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ci-cd.png
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/exclude
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/jekyll
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/next-js
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/nuxt-js
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/guides/consistency-patterns-in-distributed-systems
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/guides/design-patterns-for-humans
https://roadmap.sh/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/extract
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/instance-type
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/non-nullable
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/guides/dhcp.png
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/team-city
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/brand/vision
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/remix
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/travis-ci
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/branches
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/brand/writing-guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/vuepress
https://roadmap.sh/guides/dns-in-one-picture
https://roadmap.sh/guides/history-of-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps
https://roadmap.sh/guides/http-basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/omit
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/ava
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/commit/f12ec6eea63a0e9a64ff3b3fb3e133cb154d7c80
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-email-testing
https://roadmap.sh/guides/http-caching
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/parameters
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/commits/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/guidelines/accessibility
https://roadmap.sh/guides/journey-to-http2
https://roadmap.sh/guides/jwt-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/guidelines/microcopy-guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/guides/jwt-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/chai
https://roadmap.sh/guides/levels-of-seniority
https://roadmap.sh/guides/oauth
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/partial
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/pick
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-email-testing/gmail-tester
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-email-testing/mailinator
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/jasmine
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/readonly
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/record
https://roadmap.sh/guides/oauth.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/jest
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/mocha
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/guidelines/user-onboarding
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/logo
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/return-type
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/other-options
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/find/master
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/logo/different-file-formats
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/logo/monochrome-version
https://roadmap.sh/guides/proxy-servers
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/issues
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/pulls
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/pulse
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/react-testing-library
https://roadmap.sh/guides/random-numbers
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/headless-chrome
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/logo/placement-and-clearance-guidance
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/videos
https://roadmap.sh/videos/acid-explained
https://roadmap.sh/guides/random-numbers.png
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/headless-fox
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/logo/small-use-guidance
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/vitest
https://roadmap.sh/videos/all-about-http-caching
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/topics
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/type-checkers
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/type-checkers/flow
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/html-unit
https://roadmap.sh/guides/scaling-databases
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/guides/scaling-databases.svg
https://roadmap.sh/guides/session-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/guides/session-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/type-checkers/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-language/logo/usage-guidance
https://roadmap.sh/videos/array-structure
https://roadmap.sh/guides/session-based-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/puppeteer
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/version-control-systems/basic-usage-of-git
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/zombie-js
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing
https://roadmap.sh/videos/arrays-and-objects-in-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/guides/sli-slo-sla.jpeg
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components/custom-elements
https://roadmap.sh/videos/async-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/compatibility
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/videos/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics
https://roadmap.sh/videos/basics-of-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components/html-templates
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/reporting
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components/shadow-dom
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/content-security-policy
https://roadmap.sh/videos/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/videos/content-delivery-networks
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics/atomic-design
https://roadmap.sh/videos/dns-explained
https://roadmap.sh/videos/dns-records
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/tdd
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/test-cases-and-scenarios
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/test-planning
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/sso
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics/design-system-examples
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics/design-system-vs-component-library
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/cors
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/videos/floating-point-arithmetic
https://roadmap.sh/videos/freeze-and-seal-objects-in-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/videos/graph-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/videos/hash-table-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/guides/sso.png
https://roadmap.sh/videos/heap-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/videos/how-to-use-css-variables
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics/need-of-design-system
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics/stakeholders-involved
https://roadmap.sh/guides/token-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/guides/token-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/https
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/owasp-security-risks
https://roadmap.sh/videos/how-to-use-github-actions
https://roadmap.sh/videos/javascript-fetch-api
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/guides/torrent-client
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-basics/what-is-design-system
https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/verification-and-validation
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/videos/linked-list-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/videos/load-balancers-101
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology
https://roadmap.sh/videos/osi-model
https://roadmap.sh/guides/unfamiliar-codebase
https://roadmap.sh/videos/practical-intro-to-react
https://roadmap.sh/videos/promises-in-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/data-dog
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/buffer
https://roadmap.sh/videos/queue-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/channels
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/component
https://roadmap.sh/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/web-vitals.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/guides/what-are-web-vitals
https://roadmap.sh/guides/what-is-internet
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/component-library
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/grafana
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/kibana
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/context
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/go-modules
https://roadmap.sh/videos/random-number-generators
https://roadmap.sh/videos/scaling-the-unscalable
https://roadmap.sh/videos/session-based-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/videos/ssh-ssl-tls
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/new-relic
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/design-language
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/governance
https://roadmap.sh/videos/stack-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/pager-duty
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/run-scope
https://roadmap.sh/videos/system-design-101
https://roadmap.sh/videos/tcp-ip-model
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/sentry
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/goroutines
https://roadmap.sh/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/security
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tags
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src
https://roadmap.sh/videos/transport-protocols-tcp-vs-udp
https://roadmap.sh/videos/tree-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/mutext
https://roadmap.sh/http2.github.iohttp2-spec
https://roadmap.sh/http2.github.iohttp2-spec/#FrameTypes
https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fasymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Favoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fbasic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fbasics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fbig-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fcharacter-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/pattern
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/pilot
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/token
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/select
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-are-data-structures
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/basics-of-threads
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fdesign-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-system-terminology/ui-kit
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/color
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/types-and-type-assertions
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fdhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/collection-framework
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing/axe
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fdns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fhistory-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-dom-shadow-dom-virtual-dom
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/color/accessibility
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/garbage-collection
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-eventual-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/videos/yaml-in-depth
https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing/chrome-devtools
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/color/dark-mode
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/working-with-json
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fhttp-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/generics
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/async-components
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/color/functional-colors
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/composables
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/computed
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing/wave
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/artillery
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/gatling
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/jmeter
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/k6
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/color/guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/accessibility
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/how-jvm-works
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/custom-directives
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fhttp-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/memory-management
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/networking-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/custom-events
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/next-tick
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/lighthouse
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/grid-relation
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/keywords
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/serialization
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/plugins
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/naming
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/locust
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fjourney-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fjwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Flevels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/provide-inject
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/vegeta
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/webpage-test
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/reactive
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/streams
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/graphql/gqlgen
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Foauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/graphql/graphql-go
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools/ant
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fproxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Frandom-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/ref
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/slots
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/reserved-icons
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/rest
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/teleport-components
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/rest/grequests
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/rest/heimdall
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/arrays
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools/gradle
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fscaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/torefs
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/sizes
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/iconography/style
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/layout
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/transition
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/transition-group
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/watch
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/watchers
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/basic-syntax
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/conditionals
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/attack-vectors
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/data-types
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/layout/breakpoints
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools/maven
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fsession-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fsession-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/axios
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/errors-panic-recover
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/basic-syntax
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/layout/grid
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/layout/spacing
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/for-loop
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/conditionals
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/data-types-variables
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/functions
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/make
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/datastructures
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/exception-handling
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/superagent
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/unfetch
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/vue-relay
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/element-ui
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fsso.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/files-and-apis
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/functions
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/authentication-authorization
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/maps
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/packages
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/loops
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/oop
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/range
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/slices
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/owasp-10
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/secrets-management
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/vulnerability-scanning
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/packages
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Ftoken-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Ftorrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/layout/units
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/typography
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/typography/grid-relation
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/structs
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-jdbc
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-jdbc/jdbc-template
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-jdbc/jdbi3
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/typography/guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/typography/performance
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/typography/readability
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Funfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms/vee-validate
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms/vue-formulate
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhat-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/type-inference
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/variables
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-building-clis
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-building-clis/cobra
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/design-tokens/typography/responsiveness
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-building-clis/urfave-cli
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhat-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms/vuelidate
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/jest
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/mobile-apps
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/mobile-apps/capacitor
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting/allure
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/log4j2
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/logback
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhat-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/routing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting/junit
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting/test-rail
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/ab-tests-and-experiments
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhy-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging/apex
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/routing/vue-router
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssg
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/slf4j
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/tinylog
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssg/gridsome
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/documentation
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging/zap
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging/zerolog
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/ebean
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/existing-design-process
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/identify-components
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/hibernate
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/jpa
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/kanban
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/safe
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/scrum
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/go-kit
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssg/vuepress
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssr
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/spring-data-jpa
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/identify-design-elements
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/regional-requirements
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/go-zero
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssr/nuxt-js
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/api-calls-http
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/xp
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/v-model
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/grpc-gateway
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/axios
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/express-js
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/waterfall-model
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/fastify
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/got
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/existing-design-analysis/visual-audit
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-vcs
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssr/quasar
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/grpc-go
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/play-framework
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/micro
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-vcs/git
https://roadmap.sh/qa/topics
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/making-a-design-system
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/spark
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/http-module
https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/state-management
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/spring
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/making-a-design-system/from-existing-design
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/jsonwebtoken
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/making-a-design-system/from-scratch
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/state-management/pinia
https://roadmap.sh/react-native
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/protocol-buffers
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/cucumber-jvm
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/cukes
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/jbehave
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/nest-js
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics/component-analytics
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics/error-logging
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/jmeter
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics/service-and-health-metrics
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/analytics/tooling-analytics
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/rpcx
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/junit
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/mocking
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/passport-js
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/rest-assured
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/axios
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/testng
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/tailwind-css
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/vue-testing-library
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/vuetify
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications/communication-channel
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/twirp
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/watermill
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-orms
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-orms/gorm
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-realtime-communication
https://roadmap.sh/java/topics
https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications/community-meetings
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/unfetch
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-realtime-communication/centrifugo
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/react-query
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/callbacks
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications/faqs
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/relay
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/rtk-query
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/superagent
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/swr
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-realtime-communication/melody
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/api-styles
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/communications/open-hours
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-testing-your-apps
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/callbacks/callback-hell
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/urql
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/api-styles/composition-api
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/api-styles/options-api
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/app-configurations
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/async-await
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/attribute-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/component-registration
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/beego
https://roadmap.sh/react/cli-tools
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/task-management
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/callbacks
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/events
https://roadmap.sh/react/cli-tools/create-react-app
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/event-emitter
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/event-loop
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/task-management/milestones
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/props
https://roadmap.sh/react/cli-tools/vite
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/process-next-tick
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/buffalo
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/echo
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/gin
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/gofiber
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/event-loop
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/promises
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/set-immediate
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/promises
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/promises/async-await
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/task-management/roadmap
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/single-file-components
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/computed-properties
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/conditional-rendering
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/directives
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/gorilla
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/revel
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/project-management/task-management/ticketing
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/events-handling
https://roadmap.sh/golang/topics
https://roadmap.sh/react/components
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/class-components
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/composition-vs-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/conditional-rendering
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/set-interval
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/functional-components
https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/set-interval
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/forms-handling
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/lifecycle-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/rendering-lists
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/templates
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/vue-cli
https://roadmap.sh/vue/topics
https://roadmap.sh/youtube.com/watch?v=erDxkIyNudY
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/set-timeout
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/jsx
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/set-timeout
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/props-vs-state
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/apollo-server
https://roadmap.sh/react/error-boundaries
https://roadmap.sh/react/fiber-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools/debugging-issues
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design/contribution-guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms
https://thenewstack.io/category/cloud-native?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/graphql-http
https://thenewstack.io/category/devops?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools/debugging-memory-leaks
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms/final-form
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms/formik
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/graphql-yoga
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/mercurius
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/command-line-args
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design/design-editor
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms/react-hook-form
https://roadmap.sh/react/frameworks
https://thenewstack.io/category/kubernetes?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools/debugging-performance
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design/plugins
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/design/version-control
https://thenewstack.io?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Alert
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&url=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-classes
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/accessibility-testing
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/producing-the-result
https://roadmap.sh/react/frameworks/next-js
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/command-line-args/commander-js
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/command-line-args/process-argv
https://roadmap.sh/react/frameworks/remix
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/conditional-statements
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/environment-variables
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/environment-variables/dotenv
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Frontend Performance Best Practices&url=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Guide to learn software design and architecture&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/code-style
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/asynchronous
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/lists
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/commit-guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/component-catalog
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/conditional-statements/if-else
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/contribution-guidelines
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/environment-variables/process-env
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/exitting-and-exit-codes
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/documentation
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/pr-templates
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/conditional-statements/switch
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/chalk
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Guide to learn system Design&url=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/scalar-coercion
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/basic-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/cli-progress
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/release-strategy
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/semantic-versioning
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/tooling/development/unit-testing
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/synchronous
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/root-fields
https://roadmap.sh/design-system/topics
https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/basic-hooks/use-effect
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/validation
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/figlet
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/process-stderr
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/basic-hooks/use-state
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/process-stdout
https://roadmap.sh/devops/availability
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/common-hooks
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations/apollo-client
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/writing-your-own-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input/inquirer
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling/throw-statement
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations/relay
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input/process-stdin
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input/prompts
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-common-modules
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations/urql
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/azure-devops-services
https://roadmap.sh/react/mobile
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling/try-catch-finally
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling/utilizing-error-objects
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/graphql-on-the-backend
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/graphql-on-the-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/react/mobile/react-native
https://roadmap.sh/react/portals
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/circle-ci
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-common-modules/builtin-modules
https://roadmap.sh/react/react-roadmap-note
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/drone
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/problems-graphql-solves
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/thinking-in-graphs
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/component-life-cycle
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document/mongoose
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/indexed-collections
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/indexed-collections/arrays
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/events
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document/native-drivers
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/what-is-graphql
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/indexed-collections/typed-arrays
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/github-actions
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/gitlab-ci
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/map
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/high-order-components
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/lists-and-keys
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/jenkins
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/refs
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document/prisma
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/render-props
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/aliases
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/arguments
https://roadmap.sh/react/routers
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/teamcity
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/set
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/knex
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/weak-map
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/weak-set
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/directives
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/fields
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/fragments
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/structured-data
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/structured-data/json
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/native-drivers
https://roadmap.sh/react/routers/reach-router
https://roadmap.sh/react/routers/react-router
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object/builtin-objects
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object/prototypal-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/context
https://roadmap.sh/devops/ci-cd/travis-ci
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/IBM-Cloud
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/albaba-cloud
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/mobx
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/recoil
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/redux-and-redux-toolkit
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/variables
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/what-are-queries
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/prisma
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/aws
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations/multiple-mutation-fields
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object/prototype
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations/operation-name
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/zustand
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/azure
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&url=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations/what-are-mutations
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/digital-ocean
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&u=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/primitive-types
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/typeof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/google-cloud
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/pagination
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/arguments
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/is-loosely-equal
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/sequelize
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/type-orm
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/chakra-ui
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/async-errors
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/assertion-errors
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/javascript-errors
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/heroku
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/is-strictly-equal
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Frontend Performance Best Practices&u=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/system-errors
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/user-specified-errors
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/enums
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/fields
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/linode
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/css-modules
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/emotion
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Guide to learn software design and architecture&u=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/mantine
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/stack-trace
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/material-ui
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/styled-components
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/uncaught-exceptions
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/using-debugger
https://roadmap.sh/devops/cloud-providers/vultr
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Guide to learn system Design&u=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/same-value
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/same-value-zero
https://roadmap.sh/devops/data-management
https://roadmap.sh/devops/design-and-implementation
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/lists
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/tailwind
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/value-comparison-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/history-of-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/arithmetic-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/assignment-operators
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/nodejs-vs-browser
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/react/suspense
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/bigint-operators
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/objects
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/scalars
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/bitwise-operators
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/running-nodejs-code
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/jest
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/comma-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/conditional-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/logical-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/omparison-operators
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/type-system
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/unions
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/relational-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/string-operators
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/what-is-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management/ansible
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/unary-operators
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/why-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management/chef
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management/puppet
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/configuration-management/salt
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/react-testing-library
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http/batching
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/vitest
https://roadmap.sh/react/topics
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/forever
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/nohup
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/pm2
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running/nodemon
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/containers
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http/caching
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-sse
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/readme
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/arguments-object
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-logging
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-sse/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-logging/morgan
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/docker
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/docker-swarm
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/arrow-functions
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/gitops
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-websockets
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/built-in-functions
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/gitops/argo-cd
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&u=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-logging/winston
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&url=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/build-an-application.png
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/git-github.png
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Frontend Performance Best Practices&url=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Guide to learn software design and architecture&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/gitops/flux-cd
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/defining-calling-functions
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-websockets/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/pick-language.svg
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/roadmap.png
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Guide to learn system Design&url=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-websockets/real-time
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules/commonjs-vs-esm
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/function-parameters
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning/aws-cdk
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/the-fundamentals.png
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/function-parameters/default-params
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/function-parameters/rest-params
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/iifes
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack
https://roadmap.sh/signup
https://roadmap.sh/signup?ref_cta=Sign+up&ref_loc=header+logged+out&ref_page=%2F%3Cuser-name%3E%2F%3Crepo-name%3E%2Fblob%2Fshow&source=header-repo
https://roadmap.sh/signup?ref_cta=Sign+up&ref_loc=header+logged+out&ref_page=%2F%3Cuser-name%3E%2F%3Crepo-name%3E%2Fblob%2Fshow&source=header-repo&source_repo=kamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/bpm-bpel
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning/cloudformation
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning/pulumi
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack/closures
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack/lexical-scoping
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/defer-stream-directives
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/infrastructure-provisioning/terraform
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules/custom-modules
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/esb-soap
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack/recursion
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules/global-keyword
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/event-based-subscriptions
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/live-queries
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/kubernetes
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/history-of-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/what-are-subscriptions
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/how-to-run-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/grpc
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/messaging-queues
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/topics
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/lxc
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/rest
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/memory-leaks
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/memory-leaks/garbage-collection
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/javascript-versions
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/what-is-javascript
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&url=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/node-inspect
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/using-apm
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-iterators-and-generators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/babok
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/iaf
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/validation
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/nomad
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management/cloud-specific-tools
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management/sealed-secrets
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/togaf
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/uml
https://roadmap.sh/guides
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management/sops
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/break-continue
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/secret-management/vault
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/creating-packages
https://roadmap.sh/guides/asymptotic-notation
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/break-continue/labeled-statements
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh/consul
https://roadmap.sh/guides/asymptotic-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-responsibilities
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/do-while-statement
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/atlassian-tools
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/git
https://roadmap.sh/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.png
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh/envoy
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/global-install-vs-local-install
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/slack
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh/istio
https://roadmap.sh/devops/infrastructure-as-code/service-mesh/linkerd
https://roadmap.sh/guides/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/npm-workspaces
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/trello
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/npx
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/for-in-statement
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/client-server-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/go
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/python
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/running-scripts
https://roadmap.sh/guides/basic-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/distributed-systems
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/layered-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/for-of-statement
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/for-statement
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/while-statement
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/updating-packages
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/serverless
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-memory-management
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/ruby
https://roadmap.sh/devops/language/rust
https://roadmap.sh/guides/basics-of-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-memory-management/garbage-collection
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/service-oriented
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software
https://roadmap.sh/guides/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/guides/big-o-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-memory-management/memory-lifecycle
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-modules
https://roadmap.sh/devops/management-and-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/emc-dms
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/using-packages
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/ibm-bpm
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/ms-dynamics
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/salesforce
https://roadmap.sh/guides/character-encodings
https://roadmap.sh/guides/character-encodings.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/sap-epr-hana-business-objects
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-modules/commonjs
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/balance
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/communication
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-streams
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/consult-and-coach
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines/ejs
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/atop
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/awk
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-modules/esm
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-strict-mode
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ci-cd.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/consistency-patterns-in-distributed-systems
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/bash-scripting
https://roadmap.sh/guides/design-patterns-for-humans
https://roadmap.sh/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines/marko
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines/pug
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing/jest
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/cat
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/compiling-apps
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/decision-making
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing/mocha
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/apply-method
https://roadmap.sh/guides/dhcp.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/dns-in-one-picture
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/cut
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/df
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/bind-method
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/design-and-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/documentation
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads
https://roadmap.sh/guides/history-of-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/call-method
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/dig
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads/child-process
https://roadmap.sh/guides/http-basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/estimate-and-evaluate
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/dtrace
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads/cluster
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/how-to-code
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/marketing-skills
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/du
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/explicit-binding
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/echo
https://roadmap.sh/guides/http-caching
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/editors
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/simplifying-things
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/function-borrowing
https://roadmap.sh/guides/journey-to-http2
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/agile-scrum
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads/worker-threads
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-a-function
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/fmt
https://roadmap.sh/guides/jwt-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/guides/jwt-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/levels-of-seniority
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-a-method
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-arrow-functions
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-event-handlers
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/using-this-alone
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/agile-scrum/less
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting/explicit-type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/guides/oauth
https://roadmap.sh/guides/oauth.png
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/grep
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/history
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/chokidar
https://roadmap.sh/guides/proxy-servers
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/htop
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/iostat
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/dirname
https://roadmap.sh/guides/random-numbers
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/filename
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/iptables
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/fs-extra
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting/implicit-type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/guides/random-numbers.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/scaling-databases
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/fs-module
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/glob
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/globby
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/lsof
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/mtr
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/agile-scrum/safe
https://roadmap.sh/guides/scaling-databases.svg
https://roadmap.sh/guides/session-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting/type-conversion-coercion
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/certifications
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/path-module
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/process-cwd
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/topics
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/hoisting
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/certifications/pmi-itil-prince2-rup
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/naming-rules
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/netstat
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/firewalls
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/http-https
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes/block
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/nl
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/osi-tcp-ip-model
https://roadmap.sh/postgresql-dba
https://roadmap.sh/pricing
https://roadmap.sh/guides/session-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/session-based-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/guides/sli-slo-sla.jpeg
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes/function
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes/global
https://roadmap.sh/privacy
https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/proxies
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/nmap
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.png
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations/const
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/nmon
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/guides/sso
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/arrays-linked-lists
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations/let
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/ping
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/ps
https://roadmap.sh/guides/sso.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/token-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations/var
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/topics
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/sar
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/binary-search-trees
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/scp
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/screen-multiplexer
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/hash-tables
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/working-with-apis
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/sed
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/sort
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/cloud-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/heaps-stacks-queues
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/cloud-providers
https://roadmap.sh/guides/token-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/strace
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/working-with-apis/fetch
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/working-with-apis/xml-http-request
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse
https://roadmap.sh/guides/torrent-client
https://roadmap.sh/guides/unfamiliar-codebase
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/actions
https://roadmap.sh/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/systemtap
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/containers
https://roadmap.sh/guides/web-vitals.png
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/recursion
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/sorting-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/infrastructure-as-code
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/linux-unix
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/guides/what-are-web-vitals
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/decorators
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/generator-expressions
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/iterators
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/lambdas
https://roadmap.sh/guides/what-is-internet
https://roadmap.sh/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/tcpdump
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/list-comprehensions
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/modules
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/serverless-concepts
https://roadmap.sh/http2.github.iohttp2-spec
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/terminal-multiplexers
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/modules/builtin-modules
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/tmux-multiplexer
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/top
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/service-mesh
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/tr
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/traceroute
https://roadmap.sh/http2.github.iohttp2-spec/#FrameTypes
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/modules/custom-modules
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/ufw
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/uname
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/acid-cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/uniq
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/vmstat
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/live-in-terminal/wc
https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/actors
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/cqrs-eventual-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop/classes
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop/inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/basics-of-threads
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/free-bsd
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop/methods-dunder
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/paradigms
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/net-bsd
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/open-bsd
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/regular-expressions
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/collection-framework
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/garbage-collection
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/ddd
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/generics
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/rhel
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/suse-linux
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/mvc-mvp-mvvm
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/oop
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/solid
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/basic-syntax
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/tdd
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/conditionals
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/ubuntu
https://roadmap.sh/devops/managing-servers/operating-system/windows
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/functions
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/lists-tuples-sets-dictionaries
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/how-jvm-works
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/dotnet-framework
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/string-methods
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/go
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/app-dynamics
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/instana
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/memory-management
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/networking-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/java-kotlin-scala
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/javascript-typescript
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/python
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/ruby
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/serialization
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/typecasting-exceptions
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/variables-and-datatypes
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/jaeger
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/streams
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/aiohttp
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/auth-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/gevent
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/new-relic
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/hashing-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/owasp
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools/ant
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/application-monitoring/open-telemetry
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/pki
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools/gradle
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/datadog
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/sanic
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/tornado
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture/application-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/fastapi
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools/maven
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/grafana
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/monit
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/nagios
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous/django
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/prometheus
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture/enterprise-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous/flask
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture/solution-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/what-is-software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/infrastructure-monitoring/zabbix
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/basic-syntax
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/what-is-software-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/conditionals
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous/pyramid
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/technical-skills
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/topics
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/elastic-stack
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/data-types-variables
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers/conda
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers/pip
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers/pypi
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-roadmap-note
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/graylog
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/loki
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/papertrail
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/microfrontends
https://roadmap.sh/devops/monitoring/logs-management/splunk
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/pwa
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/react-vue-angular
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/dns
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/doctest
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/datastructures
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/reactive-functional-programming
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/spa-ssr-ssg
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/exception-handling
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/files-and-apis
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/nose
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/pytest
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/unittest-pyunit
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/functions
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/w3c-and-whatwg-standards
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/loops
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/oop
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/packages
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/dmarc
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/domain-keys
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/imaps
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/python/topics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-jdbc
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-jdbc/jdbc-template
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/pop3s
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-jdbc/jdbi3
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/smtp
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/spf
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/emails/white-grey-listing
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/ftp
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/log4j2
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/logback
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics/apache-spark
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics/datawarehouses-principles
https://roadmap.sh/python/version-control-systems/basic-git-usage
https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/http
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics/hadoop
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/etl-datawarehouses
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/karate-framework
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/postman-newman
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/slf4j
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/tinylog
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/https
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/rest-assured
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/hadoop-spark-mapreduce
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/nosql-databases
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/sql-databases
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/ebean
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/osi-model
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/port-forwarding
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/soap-ui
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/ssh
https://roadmap.sh/devops/networking-protocols/ssl-tls
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/jasmine
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/blackboard-pattern
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/hibernate
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/domain-driven-design
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/event-sourcing
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/jpa
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/spring-data-jpa
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/jest
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/message-queues-streams
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/file-system
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/nightwatch
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/play-framework
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/io-management
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/memory-storage
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/networking
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/spark
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/spring
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/asymptotic-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/basic-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/microkernel
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/basic-authentication/chrome-basic-auth.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/big-o-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/character-encodings.png
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/cucumber-jvm
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/posix
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/processes
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/puppeteer
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/qa-wolf
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/ci-cd.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/model-view-controller
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/service-management
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/robot-framework
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/serverless-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/soa
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/selenium
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/webdriver-io
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/cukes
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/jbehave
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/dhcp.png
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/ajax
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/jwt-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/oauth.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/boundaries
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/component-principles
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/proxy/forward-proxy.png
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/sockets
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/proxy/proxy-example.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/coupling-and-cohesion
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/policy-vs-detail
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/jmeter
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/junit
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/mocking
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/startup-management
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/browser-devtools
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/distributed
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/caching
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/csr-vs-ssr
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/threads-concurrency
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/distributed/client-server
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/rest-assured
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/html-css-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/proxy/reverse-proxy.png
https://roadmap.sh/devops/os-concepts/virtualization
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/distributed/peer-to-peer
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/messaging
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/messaging/event-driven
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/messaging/publish-subscribe
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/testng
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/responsive-vs-adaptive
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/random-numbers.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural/component-based
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural/layered
https://roadmap.sh/java/topics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/scaling-databases.svg
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/swas-pwas-jamstack
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/browser-addons
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/apache
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/caching-server
https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/session-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/firewall
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/forward-proxy
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/bug-management
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/check-my-links
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/iis
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.png
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/ghost-inspector
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural/monolithic
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/load-balancer
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/nginx
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/sso.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/token-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/avoid-hasty-abstractions
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/reverse-proxy
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/avoid-passing-nulls-booleans
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/address.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/bitfield.png
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/callbacks
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/selenium-ide
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/callbacks/callback-hell
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/event-loop
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/choke.png
https://roadmap.sh/devops/setting-up-x/tomcat
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/be-consistent
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/promises
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/promises/async-await
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/code-by-actor
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/command-query-separation
https://roadmap.sh/devops/topics
https://roadmap.sh/enterprise
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/appium
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/detox
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/espresso
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/xcuitest
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/client-server-p2p.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/indentation-and-code-style
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/download.png
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/set-interval
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/qtest
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/test-link
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/set-timeout
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools/debugging-issues
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/handshake.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/info-hash-peer-id.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/info-hash.png
https://roadmap.sh/enterprise/startups
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/test-rail
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools/debugging-memory-leaks
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/keep-framework-code-distant
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/message.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/pieces.png
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/zephyr
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/pipelining.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/keep-it-small
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/keep-tests-independent
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/meaningful-names
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/minimize-cyclomatic-complexity
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools/debugging-performance
https://roadmap.sh/features
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/pure-functions
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/use-correct-constructs
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/use-meaningful-names
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-classes
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/trackers.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/assembla
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/design-patterns/gof-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/features/actions
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/conditional-statements
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/conditional-statements/if-else
https://roadmap.sh/features/code-review
https://roadmap.sh/features/codespaces
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/design-patterns/posa-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/conditional-statements/switch
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/web-vitals.png
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/atlassian
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/trello
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/basics-of-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/youtrack
https://roadmap.sh/features/copilot
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling/throw-statement
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/commands-queries
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/test-oracles
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling/try-catch-finally
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling/utilizing-error-objects
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/test-prioritization
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/tester-mindset
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches
https://roadmap.sh/features/discussions
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/domain-models
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/indexed-collections
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/indexed-collections/arrays
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/dns-in-one-picture
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/session-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/features/issues
https://roadmap.sh/features/packages
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches/black-box-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches/gray-box-testing
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/sli-slo-sla.jpeg
https://roadmap.sh/features/security
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/indexed-collections/typed-arrays
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches/white-box-testing
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/dtos
https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/exploratory-testing
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/async-await
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/entities
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/map
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/identity-maps
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/set
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/integration-testing
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/collections
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/core-libraries
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/functional-programming
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/regression-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/sanity-testing
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/smoke-testing
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/mappers
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/weak-map
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/futures
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/weak-set
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/structured-data
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/orms
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/repositories
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/isolates
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/uat
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/unit-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/lambdas
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/lists
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/load-testing
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/transaction-script
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/structured-data/json
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/advanced-dart/streams
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/performance-testing
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/use-cases
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/security-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/stress-testing
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object/builtin-objects
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/value-objects
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/what-is-qa
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics/firebase-analytics
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics/google-analytics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/azure-devops-services
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object/prototypal-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object/prototype
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/primitive-types
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics/mix-panel
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/analytics/segment
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/bamboo
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/anemic-models
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/typeof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/animated-builder
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/animated-widget
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/animation-controller
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/curved-animations
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/class-invariants
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/hero
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/domain-language
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/domain-models
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/layered-architectures
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/circle-ci
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/animations/opacity
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/abstract-classes
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/is-loosely-equal
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/bitrise
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/drone
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/codemagic
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/fast-lane
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-caching.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/gitlab-ci
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/jenkins
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/concrete-classes
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/is-strictly-equal
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/same-value
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/team-city
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/travis-ci
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/firebase-app-distribution
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/same-value-zero
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-email-testing
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/scope-visibility
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-email-testing/gmail-tester
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/ci-cd/github-actions
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-email-testing/mailinator
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/abstraction
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/built-in-types
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/value-comparison-operators
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/control-flow-statements
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/dart-pad
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/functions
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/operators
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dart-basics/variables
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/deployment
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/deployment/appstore
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/arithmetic-operators
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/oauth.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/headless-chrome
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/encapsulation
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/headless-fox
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/html-unit
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/deployment/guidelines-and-protocols
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/puppeteer
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/assignment-operators
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/polymorphism
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/bigint-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/bitwise-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/comma-operators
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/deployment/playstore
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/conditional-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/logical-operators
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/zombie-js
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms/functional-programming
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms/object-oriented-programming
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/omparison-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/relational-operators
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/compatibility
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/reporting
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/string-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/unary-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/arguments-object
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms/structured-programming
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles/dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/arrow-functions
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/tdd
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/test-cases-and-scenarios
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/composition-over-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/built-in-functions
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles/design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles/oop
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/defining-calling-functions
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/function-parameters
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/design-principles/solid-principles
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/test-planning
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/dry
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/encapsulate-what-varies
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dev-tools
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dev-tools/flutter-inspector
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/verification-and-validation
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dev-tools/flutter-outline
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/dev-tools/memory-allocation
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/data-dog
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/grafana
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/kibana
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/sso.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/function-parameters/default-params
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/hollywood-principle
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/program-against-abstractions
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/flutter-internals
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/function-parameters/rest-params
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/solid
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/flutter-internals/immutability
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/flutter-internals/render-objects
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/new-relic
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/pager-duty
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/iifes
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack/closures
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack/lexical-scoping
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/flutter-internals/trees
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/package-manager
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/package-manager/flutter-pub-dart-pub
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack/recursion
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/history-of-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/package-manager/pub-dev
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/reactive-programming
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/yagni
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/topics
https://roadmap.sh/solutions/ci-cd/
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/run-scope
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/sponsors
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/reactive-programming/rxdart
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/sentry
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/how-to-run-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/autconfiguration
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/embedded-server
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/flutter-cli
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/javascript-versions
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing/axe
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/what-is-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-iterators-and-generators
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/ides
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate/entity-lifecycle
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing/chrome-devtools
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/ides/android-studio
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate/relationships
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/break-continue
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/break-continue/labeled-statements
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing/wave
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/artillery
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/gatling
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate/transactions
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/jmeter
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/ides/intellij-idea
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/setup-development-environment/ides/vs-code
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/k6
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/do-while-statement
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/for-in-statement
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/for-of-statement
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/branches
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/commit/f12ec6eea63a0e9a64ff3b3fb3e133cb154d7c80
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/for-statement
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/while-statement
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/lighthouse
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-memory-management
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-memory-management/garbage-collection
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/cloud-config
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/bloc
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/flutter-bloc
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-memory-management/memory-lifecycle
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/eureka
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/hystrix
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/sleuth
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/commits/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/get-x
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-gateway
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/locust
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/provider
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/redux
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-modules
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-modules/commonjs
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-modules/esm
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/vegeta
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/webpage-test
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/find/master
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/issues
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-openfeign
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-boot-actuators
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-boot-starters
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/attack-vectors
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-strict-mode
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/pulls
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/pulse
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/state-management/velocity-x
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/authentication-authorization
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/owasp-10
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/secrets-management
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/apply-method
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/annotations
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/configuration
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/bind-method
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/call-method
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/vulnerability-scanning
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/explicit-binding
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction/architecture
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction/terminology
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction/why-spring
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/authentication
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/firestore
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/push-notifications
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-aop
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-bean-scope
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-ioc
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/remote-config
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/firebase/storage
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/function-borrowing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/shared-preferences
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-mvc
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data/spring-data-jdbc
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/storage/sqlite
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-a-function
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting/allure
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data/spring-data-jpa
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data/spring-data-mongodb
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting/junit
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/architecture
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/components
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/jsp-files
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/servlet
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/bdd
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-a-method
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-arrow-functions
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting/test-rail
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/authentication
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-event-handlers
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/integration-testing
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/tdd
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/jwt-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/oauth2
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/unit-testing
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/using-this-alone
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/jpa-test
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/testing/widget-testing
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/kanban
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting/explicit-type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting/implicit-type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/topics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/version-control-systems/git
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/mock-mvc
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/safe
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/scrum
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting/type-conversion-coercion
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/stateful-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/xp
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/hoisting
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/stateless-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/mockbean-annotation
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/spring-boot-test-annotation
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/naming-rules
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/topics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/styled-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/v-model
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/styled-widgets/cupertino-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes
https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes/block
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes/function
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/widgets/styled-widgets/material-widgets
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis/json
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/waterfall-model
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes/global
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/application-layer
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/application-layer/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations/const
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/application-layer/service-discovery
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-vcs
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-vcs/git
https://roadmap.sh/qa/topics
https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism/back-pressure
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism/message-queues
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations/let
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations/var
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis/restful-apis
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-apis/web-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/react-native
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets/fonts
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets/images
https://roadmap.sh/flutter/working-with-assets/other-file-types
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/topics
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism/task-queues
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/auth-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/security
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tags
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/working-with-apis
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/bonus-content
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns/availability-in-numbers
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns/fail-over
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns/replication
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/axios
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/react-query
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/relay
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fasymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters/eslint
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/working-with-apis/fetch
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/working-with-apis/xml-http-request
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters/prettier
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/linters-formatters/standardjs
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-vs-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-vs-consistency/cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/actions
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/rtk-query
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/superagent
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/swr
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/urql
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs/event-driven
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Favoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fbasic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs/returning-results
https://roadmap.sh/react/cli-tools
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs/schedule-driven
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fbasics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fbig-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/esbuild
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/parcel
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/application-caching
https://roadmap.sh/react/cli-tools/create-react-app
https://roadmap.sh/react/cli-tools/vite
https://roadmap.sh/react/components
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fcharacter-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/class-components
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fdesign-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/rollup
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fdhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/composition-vs-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/cache-aside
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/conditional-rendering
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/functional-components
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/refresh-ahead
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/vite
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/write-behind
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/jsx
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/module-bundlers/webpack
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/props-vs-state
https://roadmap.sh/react/error-boundaries
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/write-through
https://roadmap.sh/react/fiber-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/task-runners
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/build-tools/task-runners/npm-scripts
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fdns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fhistory-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/cdn-caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/client-caching
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fhttp-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fhttp-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fjourney-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms/final-form
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms/formik
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fjwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/database-caching
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms/react-hook-form
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Flevels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Foauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fproxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/react/frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/web-server-caching
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/react/frameworks/next-js
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Frandom-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture/bem
https://roadmap.sh/react/frameworks/remix
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fscaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fsession-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fsession-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture/oocss
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fsso.md
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/basic-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-architecture/smacss
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/basic-hooks/use-effect
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/css-first
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Ftoken-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Ftorrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Funfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhat-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/cache-aside
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/basic-hooks/use-state
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/common-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhat-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhat-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/event-sourcing
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhy-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/index-table
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/css-first/bootstrap
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/writing-your-own-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/css-first/bulma
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/api-calls-http
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/axios
https://roadmap.sh/react/mobile
https://roadmap.sh/react/mobile/react-native
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/chakra-ui
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/daisy-ui
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/mantine
https://roadmap.sh/react/portals
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/materialized-view
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/express-js
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/sharding
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/material-ui
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/radix-ui
https://roadmap.sh/react/react-roadmap-note
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-frameworks/js-first/tailwind-css
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/fastify
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors/less
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/static-content-hosting
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors/postcss
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/got
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/component-life-cycle
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css-preprocessors/sass
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/valet-key
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/http-module
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/jsonwebtoken
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/events
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css/learn-the-basics
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/nest-js
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/ambassador
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/anti-corruption-layer
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/passport-js
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css/making-layouts
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/css/responsive-design-and-media-queries
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/unfetch
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/backends-for-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/compute-resource-consolidation
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/high-order-components
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/lists-and-keys
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/refs
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/render-props
https://roadmap.sh/react/routers
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/async-await
https://roadmap.sh/react/routers/reach-router
https://roadmap.sh/react/routers/react-router
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/callbacks
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/context
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/mobx
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/recoil
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/carlo
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/external-configuration-store
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/electron
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/gateway-aggregation
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/redux-and-redux-toolkit
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/desktop-applications/tauri
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/event-emitter
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/graphql/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/zustand
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/gateway-offloading
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/graphql/relay-modern
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/accessibility
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/chakra-ui
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/gateway-routing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/leader-election
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/asymptotic-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/css-modules
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/emotion
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/event-loop
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/mantine
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/material-ui
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/process-next-tick
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/conventions-and-best-practices
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/basic-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/styled-components
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/pipes-and-filters
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/forms-and-validations
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/basic-authentication/chrome-basic-auth.png
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/tailwind
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/promises
https://roadmap.sh/react/suspense
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/set-immediate
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/set-interval
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/sidecar
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/learn-the-basics
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/seo-basics
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/jest
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/html/writing-semantic-html
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/big-o-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/static-content-hosting
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/character-encodings.png
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/set-timeout
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/strangler-fig
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/asynchronous-request-reply
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/ci-cd.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/react-testing-library
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/browsers-and-how-they-work
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/dns-and-how-it-works
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/vitest
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/how-does-the-internet-work
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/choreography
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/claim-check
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/competing-consumers
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/what-is-domain-name
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/dhcp.png
https://roadmap.sh/react/topics
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/command-line-args
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/jwt-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/what-is-hosting
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/oauth.png
https://roadmap.sh/readme
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/proxy/forward-proxy.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/proxy/proxy-example.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/internet/what-is-http
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/build-an-application.png
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/git-github.png
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/pipes-and-filters
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/concepts
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/command-line-args/commander-js
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/pick-language.svg
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/roadmap.png
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/the-fundamentals.png
https://roadmap.sh/signup
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/proxy/reverse-proxy.png
https://roadmap.sh/signup?ref_cta=Sign+up&ref_loc=header+logged+out&ref_page=%2F%3Cuser-name%3E%2F%3Crepo-name%3E%2Fblob%2Fshow&source=header-repo
https://roadmap.sh/signup?ref_cta=Sign+up&ref_loc=header+logged+out&ref_page=%2F%3Cuser-name%3E%2F%3Crepo-name%3E%2Fblob%2Fshow&source=header-repo&source_repo=kamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/command-line-args/process-argv
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/es6-and-modular-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/environment-variables
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/priority-queue
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/publisher-subscriber
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/bpm-bpel
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/esb-soap
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/learn-dom-manipulation
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/learn-fetch-api-ajax-xhr
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/javascript/syntax-and-basic-constructs
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/random-numbers.png
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/environment-variables/dotenv
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/queue-based-load-leveling
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/environment-variables/process-env
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/exitting-and-exit-codes
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/grpc
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/messaging-queues
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/scheduling-agent-supervisor
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/sequential-convoy
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/rest
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/scaling-databases.svg
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/deployment-stamps
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/session-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/chalk
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/sso.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/cli-progress
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/figlet
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/token-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/process-stderr
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/process-stdout
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/geodes
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/health-endpoint-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/babok
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/queue-based-load-leveling
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/iaf
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/togaf
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/uml
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/ionic
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/throttling
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/bulkhead
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input/inquirer
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/address.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/nativescript
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/deployment-stamps
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/geodes
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/bitfield.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/mobile-applications/react-native
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-responsibilities
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/choke.png
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/health-endpoint-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input/process-stdin
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input/prompts
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-common-modules
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/atlassian-tools
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/client-server-p2p.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/git
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/css-modules
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/emotion
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/slack
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/trello
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/bulkhead
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-common-modules/builtin-modules
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/styled-components
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/download.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/modern-css/styled-jsx
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/compensating-transaction
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers/npm
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document/mongoose
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/handshake.png
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document/native-drivers
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document/prisma
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/health-endpoint-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers/pnpm
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/knex
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/client-server-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/distributed-systems
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/info-hash-peer-id.png
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/leader-election
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/queue-based-load-leveling
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/package-managers/yarn
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/retry
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/scheduler-agent-supervisor
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/angular
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/layered-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/angular/ngrx
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/info-hash.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/message.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/angular/rxjs
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/native-drivers
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/prisma
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/sequelize
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js/mobx
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js/recoil
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/react-js/redux
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security/federated-identity
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/pieces.png
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security/gatekeeper
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security/valet-key
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/serverless
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/service-oriented
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/pipelining.png
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/type-orm
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/solid-js
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/svelte
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/grpc
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/async-errors
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/http
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/assertion-errors
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/emc-dms
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/ibm-bpm
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/javascript-errors
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/rest
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/vue-js
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/rpc
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/trackers.png
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/pick-a-framework/vue-js/pinia
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/system-errors
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/user-specified-errors
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/stack-trace
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/browser-devtools
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/credentials
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/device-orientation
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/lighthouse
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/tcp
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/location
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/uncaught-exceptions
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/using-debugger
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/ms-dynamics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/web-vitals.png
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/history-of-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/salesforce
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/sap-epr-hana-business-objects
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/notifications
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/balance
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/communication
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/nodejs-vs-browser
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/udp
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/payments
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns/eventual-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/running-nodejs-code
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/what-is-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns/strong-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/consult-and-coach
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/why-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/forever
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/nohup
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/decision-making
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns/weak-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/basics-of-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/performance-metrics
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/pm2
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/prpl-pattern
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/design-and-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/content-delivery-networks
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/rail-model
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/server-sent-events
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/service-workers
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/storage
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/content-delivery-networks/pull-cdns
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/documentation
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running/nodemon
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-logging
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/estimate-and-evaluate
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/how-to-code
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/progressive-web-apps/web-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/content-delivery-networks/push-cdns
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/dns-in-one-picture
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/session-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-logging/morgan
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-logging/winston
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/marketing-skills
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/simplifying-things
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/sli-slo-sla.jpeg
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/angular
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules/commonjs-vs-esm
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules/custom-modules
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/agile-scrum
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/angular/universal
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js/after-js
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js/next-js
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/agile-scrum/less
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/agile-scrum/safe
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/certifications
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/certifications/pmi-itil-prince2-rup
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/document-store
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/react-js/remix
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/svelte
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/svelte/svelte-kit
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules/global-keyword
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/graph-databases
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/vue-js
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/memory-leaks
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/firewalls
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/http-https
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/server-side-rendering/vue-js/nuxt-js
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/key-value-store
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/wide-column-store
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/astro
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/memory-leaks/garbage-collection
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/node-inspect
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/denormalization
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/federation
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/osi-tcp-ip-model
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/proxies
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/using-apm
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/eleventy
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/replication
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/sharding
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/gatsbyjs
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/gridsome
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/hugo
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/creating-packages
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/global-install-vs-local-install
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/jekyll
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/cloud-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/sql-tuning
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/sql-vs-nosql
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/domain-name-system
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/next-js
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/nuxt-js
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/idempotent-operations
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction/how-to-approach-system-design
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/npm-workspaces
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/npx
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/remix
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/running-scripts
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/cloud-providers
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/static-site-generators/vuepress
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction/what-is-system-design
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction/who-is-this-guide-for
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/latency-vs-throughput
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/containers
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/infrastructure-as-code
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/updating-packages
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/using-packages
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-streams
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/linux-unix
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/serverless-concepts
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/ava
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/chai
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines/ejs
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines/marko
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/horizontal-scaling
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/jasmine
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/layer-4-load-balancing
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines/pug
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/service-mesh
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/jest
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/mocha
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/other-options
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/acid-cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/layer-7-load-balancing
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/lb-vs-reverse-proxy
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/load-balancing-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/react-testing-library
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/actors
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/availability-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/health-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/testing-your-apps/vitest
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/instrumentation
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/cqrs-eventual-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/performance-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/ddd
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing/jest
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/topics
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/security-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/usage-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/visualization-and-alerts
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/type-checkers
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/type-checkers/flow
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/mvc-mvp-mvvm
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/type-checkers/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/busy-database
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/version-control-systems/basic-usage-of-git
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing/mocha
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/oop
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/solid
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/tdd
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads/child-process
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads/cluster
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/busy-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-caching.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components/custom-elements
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components/html-templates
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-components/shadow-dom
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/oauth.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/chatty-io
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads/worker-threads
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/dotnet-framework
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/go
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/java-kotlin-scala
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/content-security-policy
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/cors
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/extraneous-fetching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/improper-instantiation
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/javascript-typescript
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/python
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/chokidar
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/monolithic-persistence
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/https
https://roadmap.sh/frontend/web-security-knowledge/owasp-security-risks
https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/dirname
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/filename
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/fs-extra
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/fs-module
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/no-caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/noisy-neighbor
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/ruby
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/buffer
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/glob
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/globby
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/auth-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/retry-storm
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/synchronous-io
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/path-module
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/channels
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/context
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-vs-scalability
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/process-cwd
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/hashing-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/topics
https://roadmap.sh/postgresql-dba
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/sso.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/go-modules
https://roadmap.sh/pricing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/topics
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/owasp
https://roadmap.sh/privacy
https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/goroutines
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/mutext
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/pki
https://roadmap.sh/team
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/arrays-linked-lists
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/select
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/binary-search-trees
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/types-and-type-assertions
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-advanced/working-with-json
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/terms
https://roadmap.sh/topics
https://roadmap.sh/trending
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/hash-tables
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture/application-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture/enterprise-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/heaps-stacks-queues
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/graphql/gqlgen
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/graphql/graphql-go
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/rest
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/recursion
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/sorting-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/decorators
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/rest/grequests
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/generator-expressions
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture/solution-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-api-clients/rest/heimdall
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/iterators
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/lambdas
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/list-comprehensions
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/arrays
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/basic-syntax
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/conditionals
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/conditional-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/literal-types
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/what-is-software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/what-is-software-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/data-types
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/errors-panic-recover
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/branches
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/commit/f12ec6eea63a0e9a64ff3b3fb3e133cb154d7c80
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/commits/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/find/master
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/technical-skills
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/issues
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/modules
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/mapped-types
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/for-loop
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/functions
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/topics
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/make
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/maps
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/packages
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/modules/builtin-modules
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/modules/custom-modules
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/pulls
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/recursive-types
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/range
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/template-literal-types
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/slices
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/structs
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/microfrontends
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/pwa
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/pulse
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/abstract-classes
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/access-modifiers
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/type-inference
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-basics/variables
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-building-clis
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/react-vue-angular
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/reactive-functional-programming
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/constructor-overloading
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop/classes
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-building-clis/cobra
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/constructor-params
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/inheritance-vs-polymorphism
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop/inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop/methods-dunder
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/method-overriding
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/intersection-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/keyof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/spa-ssr-ssg
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/paradigms
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-building-clis/urfave-cli
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/type-aliases
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/union-types
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/w3c-and-whatwg-standards
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging/apex
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/decorators
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging/zap
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-logging/zerolog
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/go-kit
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/go-zero
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/regular-expressions
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/grpc-gateway
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/build-tools
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/grpc-go
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics/apache-spark
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics/datawarehouses-principles
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics/hadoop
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/etl-datawarehouses
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/formatting
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/basic-syntax
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/linting
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/micro
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/hadoop-spark-mapreduce
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/nosql-databases
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/conditionals
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/functions
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/protocol-buffers
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/useful-packages
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/sql-databases
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/lists-tuples-sets-dictionaries
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/string-methods
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/rpcx
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/functions
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/typecasting-exceptions
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/blackboard-pattern
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/domain-driven-design
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/variables-and-datatypes
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/twirp
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-microservices/watermill
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-orms
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-orms/gorm
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/event-sourcing
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/functions/function-overloading
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/functions/typing-functions
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/generics
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/generics/generic-constraints
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/generics/generic-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/message-queues-streams
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-realtime-communication
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/microkernel
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/model-view-controller
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/extending-interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/aiohttp
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-realtime-communication/centrifugo
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-realtime-communication/melody
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-testing-your-apps
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/hybrid-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/interface-declaration
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/serverless-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/types-vs-interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/soa
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/gevent
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/ambient-modules
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/external-modules
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/boundaries
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/component-principles
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/beego
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/sanic
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/tornado
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/fastapi
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/global-augmentation
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/buffalo
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/echo
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/namespace-augmentation
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/coupling-and-cohesion
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/policy-vs-detail
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/gin
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/namespaces
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous/django
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous/flask
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/distributed
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/distributed/client-server
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/distributed/peer-to-peer
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/topics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/security
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous/pyramid
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tags
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers/conda
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-compatibility
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/gofiber
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/equality
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/instanceof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/messaging
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers/pip
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/messaging/event-driven
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/gorilla
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/truthiness
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers/pypi
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-roadmap-note
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fasymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Favoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/golang/go-web-frameworks/revel
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/type-predicates
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/messaging/publish-subscribe
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing
https://roadmap.sh/golang/topics
https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fbasic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fbasics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fbig-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural/component-based
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/doctest
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/nose
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural/layered
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural/monolithic
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/typeof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-inference
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/pytest
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/apollo-server
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/graphql-http
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fcharacter-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/unittest-pyunit
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/graphql-yoga
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/any
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/python/topics
https://roadmap.sh/python/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/python/version-control-systems/basic-git-usage
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/array
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/boolean
https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/backend-implementations/mercurius
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/avoid-hasty-abstractions
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/avoid-passing-nulls-booleans
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/be-consistent
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fdesign-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/karate-framework
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/code-by-actor
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/command-query-separation
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/postman-newman
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/indentation-and-code-style
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/keep-framework-code-distant
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/class
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/enum
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fdhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fdns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fhistory-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/producing-the-result
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/keep-it-small
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/interface
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/never
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/rest-assured
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/asynchronous
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/keep-tests-independent
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/null
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/number
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/soap-ui
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fhttp-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/object
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/satisfies-keyword
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/meaningful-names
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/minimize-cyclomatic-complexity
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/pure-functions
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fhttp-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fjourney-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/lists
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/jasmine
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fjwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/string
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/jest
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/nightwatch
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/use-correct-constructs
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/use-meaningful-names
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/scalar-coercion
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/resolvers/synchronous
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/puppeteer
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/qa-wolf
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/design-patterns/gof-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/design-patterns/posa-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/tuple
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/commands-queries
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/domain-models
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/dtos
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/root-fields
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/as-any
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/as-const
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/robot-framework
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/selenium
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Flevels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/entities
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/execution/validation
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/webdriver-io
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/as-type
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/non-null-assertion
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations/apollo-client
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Foauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/identity-maps
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/mappers
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/undefined
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations/relay
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/orms
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/repositories
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/frontend-implementations/urql
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/transaction-script
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/use-cases
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/unknown
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/ajax
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fproxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/void
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/install-configure
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/graphql-on-the-backend
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/graphql-on-the-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/problems-graphql-solves
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Frandom-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/thinking-in-graphs
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/install-configure/compiler-options
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fscaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/browser-devtools
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/value-objects
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-introduction/what-is-graphql
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/caching
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/aliases
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/arguments
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fsession-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/install-configure/tsconfig-json
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/csr-vs-ssr
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/directives
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/fields
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/fragments
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fsession-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/variables
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/graphql-queries/what-are-queries
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/html-css-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/responsive-vs-adaptive
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/swas-pwas-jamstack
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/browser-addons
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fsso.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/anemic-models
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript/ts-node
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript/ts-playground
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations/multiple-mutation-fields
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/class-invariants
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/domain-language
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations/operation-name
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/mutations/what-are-mutations
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/pagination
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript/tsc
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/domain-models
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/layered-architectures
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Ftoken-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Ftorrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/bug-management
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Funfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/ts-js-interoperability
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/abstract-classes
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/concrete-classes
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhat-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/arguments
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/enums
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhat-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhat-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/typescript-vs-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/scope-visibility
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/abstraction
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/check-my-links
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/awaited
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/exclude
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/extract
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhy-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/fields
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/api-calls-http
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/axios
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/ghost-inspector
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/express-js
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/instance-type
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/non-nullable
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/fastify
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/got
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/omit
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/parameters
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/selenium-ide
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/encapsulation
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/polymorphism
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/http-module
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/jsonwebtoken
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/nest-js
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/partial
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/lists
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/objects
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/pick
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms/functional-programming
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms/object-oriented-programming
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/scalars
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/readonly
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/record
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms/structured-programming
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/composition-over-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/appium
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/detox
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/passport-js
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/type-system
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/return-type
https://roadmap.sh/videos
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/dry
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/encapsulate-what-varies
https://roadmap.sh/videos/acid-explained
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/hollywood-principle
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/unfetch
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/espresso
https://roadmap.sh/videos/all-about-http-caching
https://roadmap.sh/videos/array-structure
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/schema/unions
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/program-against-abstractions
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/solid
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/async-await
https://roadmap.sh/videos/arrays-and-objects-in-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/xcuitest
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http/batching
https://roadmap.sh/videos/async-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/videos/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/yagni
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/topics
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/callbacks
https://roadmap.sh/videos/basics-of-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/solutions/ci-cd/
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/event-emitter
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-http/caching
https://roadmap.sh/videos/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/videos/content-delivery-networks
https://roadmap.sh/videos/dns-explained
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/event-loop
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/process-next-tick
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-sse
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-sse/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-websockets
https://roadmap.sh/sponsors
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/promises
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/set-immediate
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/autconfiguration
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/embedded-server
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/set-interval
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/set-timeout
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate
https://roadmap.sh/videos/dns-records
https://roadmap.sh/videos/floating-point-arithmetic
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate/entity-lifecycle
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate/relationships
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/command-line-args
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/qtest
https://roadmap.sh/videos/freeze-and-seal-objects-in-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-websockets/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/videos/graph-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/command-line-args/commander-js
https://roadmap.sh/videos/hash-table-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/command-line-args/process-argv
https://roadmap.sh/videos/heap-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/videos/how-to-use-css-variables
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate/transactions
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/serving-over-internet/graphql-over-websockets/real-time
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/test-link
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/test-rail
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/cloud-config
https://roadmap.sh/videos/how-to-use-github-actions
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/environment-variables
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/defer-stream-directives
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/event-based-subscriptions
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/eureka
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/environment-variables/dotenv
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/live-queries
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/subscriptions/what-are-subscriptions
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/topics
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/zephyr
https://roadmap.sh/videos/javascript-fetch-api
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management
https://roadmap.sh/graphql/validation
https://roadmap.sh/guides
https://roadmap.sh/guides/asymptotic-notation
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/hystrix
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/sleuth
https://roadmap.sh/guides/asymptotic-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/videos/linked-list-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/environment-variables/process-env
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/exitting-and-exit-codes
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-gateway
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-openfeign
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/assembla
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/atlassian
https://roadmap.sh/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/guides/basic-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/basics-of-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/chalk
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/cli-progress
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/figlet
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/trello
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/youtrack
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-boot-actuators
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-boot-starters
https://roadmap.sh/guides/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/guides/big-o-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/process-stderr
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/test-oracles
https://roadmap.sh/guides/character-encodings
https://roadmap.sh/videos/load-balancers-101
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/annotations
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/configuration
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/test-prioritization
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/process-stdout
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/tester-mindset
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches/black-box-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches/gray-box-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches/white-box-testing
https://roadmap.sh/guides/character-encodings.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ci-cd.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/consistency-patterns-in-distributed-systems
https://roadmap.sh/guides/design-patterns-for-humans
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction/architecture
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction/terminology
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction/why-spring
https://roadmap.sh/videos/osi-model
https://roadmap.sh/videos/practical-intro-to-react
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input/inquirer
https://roadmap.sh/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture
https://roadmap.sh/guides/dhcp.png
https://roadmap.sh/videos/promises-in-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/videos/queue-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input/process-stdin
https://roadmap.sh/guides/dns-in-one-picture
https://roadmap.sh/guides/history-of-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/guides/http-basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/guides/http-caching
https://roadmap.sh/videos/random-number-generators
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-aop
https://roadmap.sh/videos/scaling-the-unscalable
https://roadmap.sh/videos/session-based-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input/prompts
https://roadmap.sh/videos/ssh-ssl-tls
https://roadmap.sh/videos/stack-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-bean-scope
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-ioc
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-mvc
https://roadmap.sh/guides/journey-to-http2
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data
https://roadmap.sh/guides/jwt-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-common-modules
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-common-modules/builtin-modules
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data/spring-data-jdbc
https://roadmap.sh/videos/system-design-101
https://roadmap.sh/guides/jwt-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document/mongoose
https://roadmap.sh/guides/levels-of-seniority
https://roadmap.sh/guides/oauth
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data/spring-data-jpa
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data/spring-data-mongodb
https://roadmap.sh/videos/tcp-ip-model
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc
https://roadmap.sh/guides/oauth.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/proxy-servers
https://roadmap.sh/videos/transport-protocols-tcp-vs-udp
https://roadmap.sh/videos/tree-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/guides/random-numbers
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document/native-drivers
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document/prisma
https://roadmap.sh/guides/random-numbers.png
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/architecture
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/components
https://roadmap.sh/guides/scaling-databases
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-are-data-structures
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/knex
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/native-drivers
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/exploratory-testing
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/jsp-files
https://roadmap.sh/guides/scaling-databases.svg
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/prisma
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/sequelize
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/type-orm
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/servlet
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling
https://roadmap.sh/guides/session-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/integration-testing
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/authentication
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/async-errors
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/assertion-errors
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/javascript-errors
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/jwt-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/regression-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/sanity-testing
https://roadmap.sh/guides/session-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/session-based-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/system-errors
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/user-specified-errors
https://roadmap.sh/guides/sli-slo-sla.jpeg
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/smoke-testing
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-dom-shadow-dom-virtual-dom
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-eventual-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/stack-trace
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/uncaught-exceptions
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/oauth2
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/jpa-test
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/uat
https://roadmap.sh/videos/yaml-in-depth
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/using-debugger
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/mock-mvc
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/mockbean-annotation
https://roadmap.sh/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.png
https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/unit-testing
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/async-components
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/guides/sso
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/history-of-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/spring-boot-test-annotation
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/topics
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/composables
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/computed
https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/nodejs-vs-browser
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/custom-directives
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/custom-events
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/running-nodejs-code
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/what-is-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/guides/sso.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/token-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/application-layer
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/application-layer/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/guides/token-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/torrent-client
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/next-tick
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/why-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/application-layer/service-discovery
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism/back-pressure
https://roadmap.sh/guides/unfamiliar-codebase
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/load-testing
https://roadmap.sh/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.png
https://roadmap.sh/guides/web-vitals.png
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/plugins
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism/message-queues
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism/task-queues
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/performance-testing
https://roadmap.sh/guides/what-are-web-vitals
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns/availability-in-numbers
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/provide-inject
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/security-testing
https://roadmap.sh/guides/what-is-internet
https://roadmap.sh/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/forever
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/reactive
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/ref
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/nohup
https://roadmap.sh/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/stress-testing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns/fail-over
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/slots
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/teleport-components
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/pm2
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running/nodemon
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/what-is-qa
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-logging
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-logging/morgan
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/torefs
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/transition
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/transition-group
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/watch
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns/replication
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-vs-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-vs-consistency/cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-logging/winston
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/watchers
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/azure-devops-services
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/bamboo
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/axios
https://roadmap.sh/http2.github.iohttp2-spec
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs/event-driven
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs/returning-results
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs/schedule-driven
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules/commonjs-vs-esm
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules/custom-modules
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules/global-keyword
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/circle-ci
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/drone
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/application-caching
https://roadmap.sh/http2.github.iohttp2-spec/#FrameTypes
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/superagent
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/memory-leaks
https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/cache-aside
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/unfetch
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/basics-of-threads
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/refresh-ahead
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/memory-leaks/garbage-collection
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/collection-framework
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/gitlab-ci
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/write-behind
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/garbage-collection
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/vue-relay
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/element-ui
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/write-through
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/cdn-caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/client-caching
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/generics
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/how-jvm-works
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/memory-management
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/jenkins
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/node-inspect
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/using-apm
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/database-caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/web-server-caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/networking-sockets
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/team-city
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/creating-packages
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/global-install-vs-local-install
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/serialization
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-advanced-topics/streams
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/travis-ci
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/cache-aside
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools/ant
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools/gradle
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms/vee-validate
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/npm-workspaces
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/npx
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-email-testing
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-build-tools/maven
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms/vue-formulate
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/running-scripts
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-email-testing/gmail-tester
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/event-sourcing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/index-table
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/basic-syntax
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/materialized-view
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms/vuelidate
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/jest
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/sharding
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/static-content-hosting
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/valet-key
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-email-testing/mailinator
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/updating-packages
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/using-packages
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/mobile-apps
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/conditionals
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-streams
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/data-types-variables
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines/ejs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/datastructures
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/exception-handling
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/mobile-apps/capacitor
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines/marko
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/ambassador
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/files-and-apis
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/headless-chrome
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/routing
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/routing/vue-router
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssg
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/functions
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines/pug
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/anti-corruption-layer
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssg/gridsome
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssg/vuepress
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssr
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/headless-fox
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/backends-for-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/loops
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/html-unit
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssr/nuxt-js
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/compute-resource-consolidation
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing/jest
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/external-configuration-store
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/gateway-aggregation
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/oop
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing/mocha
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-fundamentals/packages
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-jdbc
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssr/quasar
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/state-management
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/puppeteer
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/zombie-js
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-jdbc/jdbc-template
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-jdbc/jdbi3
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/state-management/pinia
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/tailwind-css
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/log4j2
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/vue-testing-library
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/logback
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/gateway-offloading
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/gateway-routing
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/vuetify
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads/child-process
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/compatibility
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/slf4j
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-logging-frameworks/tinylog
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/reporting
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/leader-election
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/pipes-and-filters
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/sidecar
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/ebean
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/api-styles
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/api-styles/composition-api
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/tdd
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/test-cases-and-scenarios
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/static-content-hosting
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/strangler-fig
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads/cluster
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads/worker-threads
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/api-styles/options-api
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/hibernate
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/jpa
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/test-planning
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/verification-and-validation
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/app-configurations
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/data-dog
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/asynchronous-request-reply
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/choreography
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/claim-check
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/chokidar
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-orm/spring-data-jpa
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/dirname
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/filename
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/grafana
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/fs-extra
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/play-framework
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/kibana
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/fs-module
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/attribute-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/competing-consumers
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/spark
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/new-relic
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/pager-duty
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/run-scope
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/pipes-and-filters
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/glob
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/component-registration
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/events
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/spring
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/sentry
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/priority-queue
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/globby
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/props
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/publisher-subscriber
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/java/java-web-frameworks/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/queue-based-load-leveling
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/path-module
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/process-cwd
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/topics
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing/axe
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/cucumber-jvm
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/single-file-components
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/scheduling-agent-supervisor
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/sequential-convoy
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/cukes
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/jbehave
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/jmeter
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/junit
https://roadmap.sh/postgresql-dba
https://roadmap.sh/pricing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing/chrome-devtools
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/mocking
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/computed-properties
https://roadmap.sh/privacy
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing/wave
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/rest-assured
https://roadmap.sh/java/testing-java-apps/testng
https://roadmap.sh/java/topics
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/conditional-rendering
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/deployment-stamps
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/geodes
https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/artillery
https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/health-endpoint-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/queue-based-load-leveling
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/throttling
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/directives
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/events-handling
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/forms-handling
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/gatling
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/lifecycle-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/arrays-linked-lists
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/bulkhead
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/callbacks
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/jmeter
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/deployment-stamps
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/geodes
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/k6
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/lighthouse
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/health-endpoint-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/binary-search-trees
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/hash-tables
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/locust
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/vegeta
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/rendering-lists
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/templates
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/webpage-test
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/callbacks/callback-hell
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/bulkhead
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/attack-vectors
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/event-loop
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/authentication-authorization
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/owasp-10
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/secrets-management
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/vulnerability-scanning
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/vue-cli
https://roadmap.sh/vue/topics
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/promises
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/heaps-stacks-queues
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/recursion
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/sorting-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/youtube.com/watch?v=erDxkIyNudY
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting/allure
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/compensating-transaction
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/health-endpoint-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/promises/async-await
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/leader-election
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/queue-based-load-leveling
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting/junit
https://thenewstack.io/category/cloud-native?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/set-interval
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics
https://thenewstack.io/category/devops?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/retry
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting/test-rail
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/decorators
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/generator-expressions
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/iterators
https://thenewstack.io/category/kubernetes?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-asynchronous-javascript/set-timeout
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model
https://thenewstack.io?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Alert
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&url=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/scheduler-agent-supervisor
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/kanban
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/safe
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools/debugging-issues
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/scrum
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security/federated-identity
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security/gatekeeper
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Frontend Performance Best Practices&url=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools/debugging-memory-leaks
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-chrome-dev-tools/debugging-performance
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-classes
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security/valet-key
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/xp
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/v-model
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/grpc
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/lambdas
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/http
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Guide to learn software design and architecture&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/list-comprehensions
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/rest
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/waterfall-model
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/conditional-statements
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/conditional-statements/if-else
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-vcs
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Guide to learn system Design&url=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-vcs/git
https://roadmap.sh/qa/topics
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/modules
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/modules/builtin-modules
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/conditional-statements/switch
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/rpc
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/tcp
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling/throw-statement
https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/react-native
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/udp
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/axios
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/react-query
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns/eventual-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/modules/custom-modules
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling/try-catch-finally
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/relay
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-control-flow/exception-handling/utilizing-error-objects
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop/classes
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop/inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns/strong-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/rtk-query
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/superagent
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/swr
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/urql
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/indexed-collections
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/indexed-collections/arrays
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop/methods-dunder
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/paradigms
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/indexed-collections/typed-arrays
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/regular-expressions
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns/weak-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/content-delivery-networks
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/content-delivery-networks/pull-cdns
https://roadmap.sh/react/cli-tools
https://roadmap.sh/react/cli-tools/create-react-app
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/content-delivery-networks/push-cdns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases
https://roadmap.sh/react/cli-tools/vite
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/map
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/basic-syntax
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/set
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/conditionals
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/functions
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/document-store
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/graph-databases
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/weak-map
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/keyed-collections/weak-set
https://roadmap.sh/react/components
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/structured-data
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/lists-tuples-sets-dictionaries
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/key-value-store
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-data-structures/structured-data/json
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object/builtin-objects
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/class-components
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/composition-vs-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/conditional-rendering
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/functional-components
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/jsx
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/props-vs-state
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object/prototypal-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/wide-column-store
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/string-methods
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://roadmap.sh/react/error-boundaries
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/denormalization
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&url=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/typecasting-exceptions
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&u=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/object/prototype
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/federation
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/replication
https://roadmap.sh/react/fiber-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/primitive-types
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-datatypes/typeof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms/final-form
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/sharding
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/is-loosely-equal
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Frontend Performance Best Practices&u=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/variables-and-datatypes
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms/formik
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/is-strictly-equal
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/sql-tuning
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/sql-vs-nosql
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/domain-name-system
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/aiohttp
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/gevent
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/same-value
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms/react-hook-form
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/idempotent-operations
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/sanic
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Guide to learn software design and architecture&u=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Guide to learn system Design&u=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/equality-algorithms/same-value-zero
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-equality-comparisons/value-comparison-operators
https://roadmap.sh/react/frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/tornado
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/fastapi
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://roadmap.sh/react/frameworks/next-js
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/arithmetic-operators
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous/django
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous/flask
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction/how-to-approach-system-design
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous/pyramid
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://roadmap.sh/react/frameworks/remix
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers/conda
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers/pip
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers/pypi
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/basic-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction/what-is-system-design
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/basic-hooks/use-effect
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/assignment-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/bigint-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/bitwise-operators
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction/who-is-this-guide-for
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/basic-hooks/use-state
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/common-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-roadmap-note
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/latency-vs-throughput
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/comma-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/conditional-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/logical-operators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/omparison-operators
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/writing-your-own-hooks
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing
https://roadmap.sh/react/mobile
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/relational-operators
https://roadmap.sh/react/mobile/react-native
https://roadmap.sh/react/portals
https://roadmap.sh/react/react-roadmap-note
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/doctest
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/string-operators
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/nose
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/pytest
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/horizontal-scaling
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/layer-4-load-balancing
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-expressions-and-operators/unary-operators
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/layer-7-load-balancing
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/component-life-cycle
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/events
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/unittest-pyunit
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/high-order-components
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/lists-and-keys
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/lb-vs-reverse-proxy
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/load-balancing-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/refs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&u=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/render-props
https://roadmap.sh/react/routers
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/arguments-object
https://roadmap.sh/react/routers/reach-router
https://roadmap.sh/react/routers/react-router
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management
https://roadmap.sh/python/topics
https://roadmap.sh/python/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/arrow-functions
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/availability-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/python/version-control-systems/basic-git-usage
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/built-in-functions
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/defining-calling-functions
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/health-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/context
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&url=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/mobx
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/recoil
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/function-parameters
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/instrumentation
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/function-parameters/default-params
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/function-parameters/rest-params
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/iifes
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/performance-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/redux-and-redux-toolkit
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/security-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Frontend Performance Best Practices&url=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Guide to learn software design and architecture&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Guide to learn system Design&url=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/karate-framework
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/postman-newman
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/zustand
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/usage-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/visualization-and-alerts
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/rest-assured
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/soap-ui
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack/closures
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack/lexical-scoping
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/chakra-ui
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-functions/scope-and-function-stack/recursion
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/css-modules
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/emotion
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/busy-database
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/busy-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/chatty-io
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/mantine
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/material-ui
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/styled-components
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/tailwind
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/extraneous-fetching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/improper-instantiation
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/monolithic-persistence
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/no-caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/noisy-neighbor
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/jasmine
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/history-of-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/react/suspense
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/retry-storm
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/synchronous-io
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/cypress
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/how-to-run-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-vs-scalability
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/topics
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/javascript-versions
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-introduction/what-is-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/jest
https://roadmap.sh/team
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/jest
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/terms
https://roadmap.sh/topics
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/nightwatch
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-iterators-and-generators
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/react-testing-library
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/vitest
https://roadmap.sh/react/topics
https://roadmap.sh/readme
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://roadmap.sh/trending
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/break-continue
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/break-continue/labeled-statements
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/puppeteer
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/conditional-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/literal-types
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/do-while-statement
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/qa-wolf
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/build-an-application.png
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/git-github.png
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/robot-framework
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/pick-language.svg
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/roadmap.png
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/the-fundamentals.png
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/mapped-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/recursive-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/template-literal-types
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/for-in-statement
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/for-of-statement
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/abstract-classes
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/selenium
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&url=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/for-statement
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/webdriver-io
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/signup
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/access-modifiers
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/constructor-overloading
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/constructor-params
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-loops-iterations/while-statement
https://roadmap.sh/signup?ref_cta=Sign+up&ref_loc=header+logged+out&ref_page=%2F%3Cuser-name%3E%2F%3Crepo-name%3E%2Fblob%2Fshow&source=header-repo
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/ajax
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-memory-management
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/inheritance-vs-polymorphism
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/browser-devtools
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/method-overriding
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/caching
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/csr-vs-ssr
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/html-css-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/responsive-vs-adaptive
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-memory-management/garbage-collection
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-memory-management/memory-lifecycle
https://roadmap.sh/signup?ref_cta=Sign+up&ref_loc=header+logged+out&ref_page=%2F%3Cuser-name%3E%2F%3Crepo-name%3E%2Fblob%2Fshow&source=header-repo&source_repo=kamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/intersection-types
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/swas-pwas-jamstack
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/browser-addons
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/bug-management
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/keyof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/type-aliases
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-modules
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/bpm-bpel
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/check-my-links
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/esb-soap
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/union-types
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-modules/commonjs
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/decorators
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-modules/esm
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/ghost-inspector
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/selenium-ide
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/build-tools
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/appium
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/grpc
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-strict-mode
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/messaging-queues
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/formatting
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/linting
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/apply-method
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/detox
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/useful-packages
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/bind-method
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/call-method
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/explicit-binding
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/function-borrowing
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-a-function
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-a-method
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-arrow-functions
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/espresso
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/functions
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/rest
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/babok
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/iaf
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/togaf
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/xcuitest
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/this-in-event-handlers
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/functions/function-overloading
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-this-keyword/using-this-alone
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting/explicit-type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/uml
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-responsibilities
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/functions/typing-functions
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/generics
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/generics/generic-constraints
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/generics/generic-types
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/qtest
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/test-link
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/test-rail
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/atlassian-tools
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/zephyr
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/extending-interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting/implicit-type-casting
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/assembla
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/atlassian
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/trello
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-type-casting/type-conversion-coercion
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/git
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/hybrid-types
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/youtrack
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/interface-declaration
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/types-vs-interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/hoisting
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/test-oracles
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/test-prioritization
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/tester-mindset
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/slack
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches/black-box-testing
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/naming-rules
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/ambient-modules
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/trello
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches/gray-box-testing
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes/block
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/client-server-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes/function
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/scopes/global
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/external-modules
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations/const
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations/let
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/distributed-systems
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches/white-box-testing
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/layered-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/serverless
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/service-oriented
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/global-augmentation
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/namespace-augmentation
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/namespaces
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/topics
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-compatibility
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/javascript-variables/variable-declarations/var
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/emc-dms
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/exploratory-testing
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/topics
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/working-with-apis
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/integration-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/regression-testing
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/working-with-apis/fetch
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/equality
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/instanceof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/truthiness
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/sanity-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/smoke-testing
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/type-predicates
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/uat
https://roadmap.sh/javascript/working-with-apis/xml-http-request
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/ibm-bpm
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/typeof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-inference
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/unit-testing
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/ms-dynamics
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/any
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/salesforce
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/sap-epr-hana-business-objects
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/array
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/boolean
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/load-testing
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/class
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/enum
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/interface
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/never
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/null
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/performance-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/security-testing
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/balance
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/communication
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/actions
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/stress-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/what-is-qa
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/consult-and-coach
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/decision-making
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/azure-devops-services
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/number
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/object
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/bamboo
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/design-and-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/documentation
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/satisfies-keyword
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/circle-ci
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/estimate-and-evaluate
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/how-to-code
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/marketing-skills
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/string
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/tuple
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/simplifying-things
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/drone
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/gitlab-ci
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/jenkins
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/team-city
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/travis-ci
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-email-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-email-testing/gmail-tester
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-email-testing/mailinator
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/headless-chrome
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/agile-scrum
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/agile-scrum/less
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/headless-fox
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/html-unit
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/as-any
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/agile-scrum/safe
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/puppeteer
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/zombie-js
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/as-const
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/certifications
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/as-type
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/certifications/pmi-itil-prince2-rup
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/compatibility
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/reporting
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/tdd
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/non-null-assertion
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/test-cases-and-scenarios
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/undefined
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/test-planning
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/firewalls
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/http-https
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/unknown
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/osi-tcp-ip-model
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/void
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/install-configure
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/verification-and-validation
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/proxies
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/install-configure/compiler-options
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/data-dog
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/install-configure/tsconfig-json
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/grafana
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/kibana
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/new-relic
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/pager-duty
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript/ts-node
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blame/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/run-scope
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/cloud-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript/ts-playground
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript/tsc
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/ts-js-interoperability
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/typescript-vs-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/cloud-providers
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/sentry
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/containers
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/infrastructure-as-code
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/linux-unix
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/serverless-concepts
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/awaited
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/service-mesh
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing/axe
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/acid-cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/actors
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/cqrs-eventual-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing/chrome-devtools
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/exclude
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/extract
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/instance-type
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/ddd
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/mvc-mvp-mvvm
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing/wave
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/non-nullable
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/omit
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/parameters
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/oop
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/solid
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/partial
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/pick
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/artillery
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/tdd
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/readonly
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/dotnet-framework
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/record
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/return-type
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/gatling
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/jmeter
https://roadmap.sh/videos
https://roadmap.sh/videos/acid-explained
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/go
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/java-kotlin-scala
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/javascript-typescript
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/k6
https://roadmap.sh/videos/all-about-http-caching
https://roadmap.sh/videos/array-structure
https://roadmap.sh/videos/arrays-and-objects-in-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/lighthouse
https://roadmap.sh/videos/async-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/videos/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/locust
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/python
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/ruby
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/auth-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/hashing-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/owasp
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/pki
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/vegeta
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture/application-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture/enterprise-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/videos/basics-of-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/videos/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture/solution-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/what-is-software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/videos/content-delivery-networks
https://roadmap.sh/videos/dns-explained
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/videos/dns-records
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/what-is-software-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/webpage-test
https://roadmap.sh/videos/floating-point-arithmetic
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/attack-vectors
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/technical-skills
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/videos/freeze-and-seal-objects-in-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/videos/graph-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/videos/hash-table-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/topics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/authentication-authorization
https://roadmap.sh/videos/heap-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/microfrontends
https://roadmap.sh/videos/how-to-use-css-variables
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/pwa
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/react-vue-angular
https://roadmap.sh/videos/how-to-use-github-actions
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/owasp-10
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/reactive-functional-programming
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/videos/javascript-fetch-api
https://roadmap.sh/videos/linked-list-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/spa-ssr-ssg
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/w3c-and-whatwg-standards
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/secrets-management
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/videos/load-balancers-101
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics/apache-spark
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics/datawarehouses-principles
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/vulnerability-scanning
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics/hadoop
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/videos/osi-model
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/etl-datawarehouses
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/hadoop-spark-mapreduce
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/videos/practical-intro-to-react
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/nosql-databases
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/sql-databases
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/videos/promises-in-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting/allure
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting/junit
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting/test-rail
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/blackboard-pattern
https://roadmap.sh/videos/queue-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/videos/random-number-generators
https://roadmap.sh/videos/scaling-the-unscalable
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/domain-driven-design
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/event-sourcing
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/a00f0e1ed8298b327ab6a73274c8a16a0bbf1a0e/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/kanban
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/safe
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/scrum
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/asymptotic-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/message-queues-streams
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/microkernel
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/xp
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/v-model
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/basic-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/basic-authentication/chrome-basic-auth.png
https://roadmap.sh/videos/session-based-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/big-o-notation.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/model-view-controller
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/character-encodings.png
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/waterfall-model
https://roadmap.sh/videos/ssh-ssl-tls
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-vcs
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-vcs/git
https://roadmap.sh/qa/topics
https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/serverless-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/soa
https://roadmap.sh/react-native
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/ci-cd.png
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/dhcp.png
https://roadmap.sh/videos/stack-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/boundaries
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/jwt-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/oauth.png
https://roadmap.sh/videos/system-design-101
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/proxy/forward-proxy.png
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/component-principles
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/coupling-and-cohesion
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/policy-vs-detail
https://roadmap.sh/videos/tcp-ip-model
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/proxy/proxy-example.png
https://roadmap.sh/videos/transport-protocols-tcp-vs-udp
https://roadmap.sh/videos/tree-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-are-data-structures
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/proxy/reverse-proxy.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/random-numbers.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/scaling-databases.svg
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/axios
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/react-query
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/distributed
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/distributed/client-server
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/relay
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/distributed/peer-to-peer
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/session-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/sso.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/messaging
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-dom-shadow-dom-virtual-dom
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-eventual-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/messaging/event-driven
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/messaging/publish-subscribe
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/rtk-query
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/superagent
https://roadmap.sh/videos/yaml-in-depth
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/swr
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/token-authentication.png
https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/urql
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/async-components
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/address.png
https://roadmap.sh/react/cli-tools
https://roadmap.sh/react/cli-tools/create-react-app
https://roadmap.sh/react/cli-tools/vite
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural
https://roadmap.sh/react/components
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/class-components
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/bitfield.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural/component-based
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/composition-vs-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/composables
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural/layered
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural/monolithic
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/conditional-rendering
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/functional-components
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/choke.png
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/jsx
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/computed
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/avoid-hasty-abstractions
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/avoid-passing-nulls-booleans
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/custom-directives
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/client-server-p2p.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/be-consistent
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/props-vs-state
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/download.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/code-by-actor
https://roadmap.sh/react/error-boundaries
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/custom-events
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/next-tick
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/plugins
https://roadmap.sh/react/fiber-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/handshake.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/info-hash-peer-id.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/command-query-separation
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/info-hash.png
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/provide-inject
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/reactive
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/indentation-and-code-style
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/keep-framework-code-distant
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/ref
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/keep-it-small
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/message.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/keep-tests-independent
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/meaningful-names
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/slots
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/teleport-components
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/pieces.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/minimize-cyclomatic-complexity
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms/final-form
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/torefs
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/pure-functions
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/pipelining.png
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms/formik
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/use-correct-constructs
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/transition
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/torrent-client/trackers.png
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/use-meaningful-names
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms/react-hook-form
https://roadmap.sh/react/frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/react/frameworks/next-js
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.png
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/assets/guides/web-vitals.png
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/transition-group
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/watch
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/watchers
https://roadmap.sh/react/frameworks/remix
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/design-patterns/gof-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/design-patterns/posa-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/basic-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/commands-queries
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/domain-models
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/basic-hooks/use-effect
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/basics-of-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/axios
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/basic-hooks/use-state
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/dtos
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/entities
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/dns-in-one-picture
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/superagent
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/identity-maps
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/session-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/guides/sli-slo-sla.jpeg
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/unfetch
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/vue-relay
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/common-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/writing-your-own-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/element-ui
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/mappers
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms
https://roadmap.sh/react/mobile
https://roadmap.sh/react/mobile/react-native
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms/vee-validate
https://roadmap.sh/react/portals
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms/vue-formulate
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/react/react-roadmap-note
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/orms
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/component-life-cycle
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/events
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/high-order-components
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/lists-and-keys
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms/vuelidate
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/repositories
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/refs
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/jest
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/render-props
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/mobile-apps
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/transaction-script
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/react/routers
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/mobile-apps/capacitor
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/routing
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/routing/vue-router
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssg
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/use-cases
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/value-objects
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssg/gridsome
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssg/vuepress
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssr
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/react/routers/reach-router
https://roadmap.sh/react/routers/react-router
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssr/nuxt-js
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssr/quasar
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/state-management
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/state-management/pinia
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/tailwind-css
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/vue-testing-library
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/context
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/anemic-models
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/class-invariants
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/mobx
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/recoil
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/vuetify
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/domain-language
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/api-styles
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/redux-and-redux-toolkit
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/zustand
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/chakra-ui
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/api-styles/composition-api
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/api-styles/options-api
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/app-configurations
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/css-modules
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/domain-models
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/attribute-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/emotion
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/layered-architectures
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/component-registration
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/events
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/mantine
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/material-ui
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/props
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/single-file-components
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/http-caching.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/abstract-classes
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/concrete-classes
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/computed-properties
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/styled-components
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/conditional-rendering
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/directives
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/tailwind
https://roadmap.sh/react/suspense
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/events-handling
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/forms-handling
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/lifecycle-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/jest
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/react-testing-library
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/rendering-lists
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/oauth.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/scope-visibility
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/vitest
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/templates
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/abstraction
https://roadmap.sh/react/topics
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/vue-cli
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/encapsulation
https://roadmap.sh/readme
https://roadmap.sh/vue/topics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/polymorphism
https://roadmap.sh/youtube.com/watch?v=erDxkIyNudY
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/build-an-application.png
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/git-github.png
https://thenewstack.io/category/cloud-native?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/pick-language.svg
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms/functional-programming
https://thenewstack.io/category/devops?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms/object-oriented-programming
https://thenewstack.io/category/kubernetes?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://thenewstack.io?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Alert
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/roadmap.png
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&url=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/the-fundamentals.png
https://roadmap.sh/signup
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms/structured-programming
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles
https://roadmap.sh/signup?ref_cta=Sign+up&ref_loc=header+logged+out&ref_page=%2F%3Cuser-name%3E%2F%3Crepo-name%3E%2Fblob%2Fshow&source=header-repo
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/signup?ref_cta=Sign+up&ref_loc=header+logged+out&ref_page=%2F%3Cuser-name%3E%2F%3Crepo-name%3E%2Fblob%2Fshow&source=header-repo&source_repo=kamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/composition-over-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/dry
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/bpm-bpel
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Frontend Performance Best Practices&url=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/encapsulate-what-varies
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/esb-soap
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Guide to learn software design and architecture&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/hollywood-principle
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Guide to learn system Design&url=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/graphql
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/program-against-abstractions
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/sso.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/solid
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md?plain=1
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/yagni
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/topics
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/grpc
https://roadmap.sh/solutions/ci-cd/
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/messaging-queues
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/rest
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/sponsors
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/autconfiguration
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md?plain=1
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/embedded-server
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate/entity-lifecycle
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/babok
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/iaf
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/togaf
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate/relationships
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/uml
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&url=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-responsibilities
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate/transactions
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&u=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/atlassian-tools
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md?plain=1
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Frontend Performance Best Practices&u=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Guide to learn software design and architecture&u=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/git
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Guide to learn system Design&u=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/cloud-config
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/eureka
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/hystrix
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/blob/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md?plain=1
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/slack
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/sleuth
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/branches
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-gateway
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/trello
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/commit/f12ec6eea63a0e9a64ff3b3fb3e133cb154d7c80
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-openfeign
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-boot-actuators
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/commits/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/find/master
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/client-server-architecture
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-boot-starters
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/distributed-systems
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/layered-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/issues
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/pulls
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/pulse
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/asymptotic-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/serverless
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/service-oriented
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/avoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/annotations
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/configuration
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction/architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction/terminology
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/basics-of-authentication.md
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/emc-dms
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/big-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction/why-spring
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/character-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/ci-cd.md
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-aop
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-bean-scope
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/design-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/dhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/ibm-bpm
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-ioc
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/ms-dynamics
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/dns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/salesforce
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-mvc
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data/spring-data-jdbc
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data/spring-data-jpa
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&u=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data/spring-data-mongodb
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/history-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/sap-epr-hana-business-objects
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/architecture
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/http-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/components
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/balance
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/communication
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/http-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/jsp-files
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&url=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/consult-and-coach
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/journey-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/servlet
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/jwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/levels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/authentication
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/jwt-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/oauth2
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Frontend Performance Best Practices&url=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/decision-making
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Guide to learn software design and architecture&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/jpa-test
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/mock-mvc
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/design-and-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/oauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/proxy-servers.md
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Guide to learn system Design&url=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/random-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/scaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/documentation
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/estimate-and-evaluate
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/how-to-code
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/session-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/marketing-skills
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/mockbean-annotation
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/spring-boot-test-annotation
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/session-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/simplifying-things
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/ssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/agile-scrum
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/sso.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/token-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/agile-scrum/less
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/topics
https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/torrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/application-layer
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/application-layer/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/agile-scrum/safe
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/certifications
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/unfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/what-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/what-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/what-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/raw/master/src/guides/why-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/certifications/pmi-itil-prince2-rup
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/application-layer/service-discovery
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/firewalls
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism/back-pressure
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/http-https
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/security
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tags
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/osi-tcp-ip-model
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/proxies
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism/message-queues
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism/task-queues
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/kamranahmedse/roadmap.sh/tree/master/src/guides
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/cloud-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fasymptotic-notation.md
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&url=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/cloud-providers
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns/availability-in-numbers
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Favoid-render-blocking-javascript-with-async-defer.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fbasic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/containers
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fbasics-of-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns/fail-over
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fbig-o-notation.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns/replication
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fcharacter-encodings.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-vs-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-vs-consistency/cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fci-cd.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/infrastructure-as-code
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/linux-unix
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/serverless-concepts
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/service-mesh
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/acid-cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fdesign-patterns-for-humans.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs/event-driven
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fdhcp-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fdns-in-one-picture.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs/returning-results
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/actors
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fhistory-of-javascript.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs/schedule-driven
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fhttp-basic-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/cqrs-eventual-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fhttp-caching.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fjourney-to-http2.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fjwt-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Flevels-of-seniority.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/application-caching
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/ddd
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Foauth.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/mvc-mvp-mvvm
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fproxy-servers.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/oop
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Frandom-numbers.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/cache-aside
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/refresh-ahead
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/write-behind
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/write-through
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fscaling-databases.md
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/solid
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/cdn-caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/client-caching
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fsession-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fsession-based-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fssl-tls-https-ssh.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fsso.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Ftoken-authentication.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Ftorrent-client.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/database-caching
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/tdd
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Funfamiliar-codebase.md
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/web-server-caching
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/dotnet-framework
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/cache-aside
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhat-are-web-vitals.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhat-is-internet.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhat-is-sli-slo-sla.md
https://roadmap.sh/login?return_to=https%3A%2F%2Fgithub.com%2Fkamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh%2Fblob%2Fmaster%2Fsrc%2Fguides%2Fwhy-build-it-and-they-will-come-wont-work-anymore.md
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/api-calls-http
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/go
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/axios
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/java-kotlin-scala
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/express-js
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/javascript-typescript
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/fastify
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/event-sourcing
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/got
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/http-module
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/jsonwebtoken
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/nest-js
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/index-table
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/passport-js
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/materialized-view
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/python
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-apis/unfetch
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/ruby
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/sharding
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/static-content-hosting
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/auth-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/valet-key
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/async-await
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/ambassador
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/anti-corruption-layer
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/hashing-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/callbacks
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/owasp
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/pki
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/backends-for-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/compute-resource-consolidation
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/external-configuration-store
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/event-emitter
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture/application-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/gateway-aggregation
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/event-loop
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/gateway-offloading
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture/enterprise-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/process-next-tick
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture/solution-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/what-is-software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/gateway-routing
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/promises
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/set-immediate
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/set-interval
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-async-programming/set-timeout
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/command-line-args
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/leader-election
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/what-is-software-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/command-line-args/commander-js
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/technical-skills
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/pipes-and-filters
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/command-line-args/process-argv
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/environment-variables
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/topics
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/environment-variables/dotenv
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/microfrontends
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/pwa
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/environment-variables/process-env
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/exitting-and-exit-codes
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/sidecar
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/static-content-hosting
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/chalk
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/strangler-fig
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/cli-progress
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/figlet
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/asynchronous-request-reply
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/react-vue-angular
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/reactive-functional-programming
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/process-stderr
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/printing-output/process-stdout
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input/inquirer
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/spa-ssr-ssg
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/choreography
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/w3c-and-whatwg-standards
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/claim-check
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input/process-stdin
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/competing-consumers
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-command-line-apps/taking-input/prompts
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/pipes-and-filters
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics/apache-spark
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-common-modules
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/priority-queue
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics/datawarehouses-principles
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-common-modules/builtin-modules
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/publisher-subscriber
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics/hadoop
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/queue-based-load-leveling
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/etl-datawarehouses
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/scheduling-agent-supervisor
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/hadoop-spark-mapreduce
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/sequential-convoy
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document/mongoose
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/nosql-databases
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document/native-drivers
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/sql-databases
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/deployment-stamps
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/document/prisma
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/geodes
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/health-endpoint-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/knex
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/blackboard-pattern
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/queue-based-load-leveling
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/native-drivers
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/throttling
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/domain-driven-design
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/prisma
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/sequelize
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/bulkhead
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/event-sourcing
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-databases/relational/type-orm
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/message-queues-streams
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/microkernel
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/deployment-stamps
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/async-errors
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/geodes
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/health-endpoint-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/model-view-controller
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/assertion-errors
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/serverless-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/bulkhead
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/javascript-errors
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/soa
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/system-errors
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/compensating-transaction
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/error-types/user-specified-errors
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/health-endpoint-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/stack-trace
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/boundaries
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/uncaught-exceptions
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/leader-election
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/component-principles
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-error-handling/using-debugger
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/queue-based-load-leveling
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/coupling-and-cohesion
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/retry
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/history-of-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/policy-vs-detail
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/nodejs-vs-browser
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/scheduler-agent-supervisor
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/running-nodejs-code
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/distributed
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/what-is-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security/federated-identity
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/distributed/client-server
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-introduction/why-nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/distributed/peer-to-peer
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security/gatekeeper
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/messaging
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security/valet-key
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/messaging/event-driven
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/messaging/publish-subscribe
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/forever
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/nohup
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/grpc
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural/component-based
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running-prod/pm2
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/http
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural/layered
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-keep-app-running/nodemon
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/rest
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural/monolithic
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-logging
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/rpc
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-logging/morgan
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/tcp
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/avoid-hasty-abstractions
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/udp
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-logging/winston
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/avoid-passing-nulls-booleans
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns/eventual-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules/commonjs-vs-esm
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/be-consistent
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules/custom-modules
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/code-by-actor
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns/strong-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/command-query-separation
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-modules/global-keyword
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns/weak-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/indentation-and-code-style
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/keep-framework-code-distant
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/content-delivery-networks
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/memory-leaks
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/content-delivery-networks/pull-cdns
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/keep-it-small
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/memory-leaks/garbage-collection
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/content-delivery-networks/push-cdns
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/keep-tests-independent
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/node-inspect
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/meaningful-names
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-more-debugging/using-apm
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/document-store
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/minimize-cyclomatic-complexity
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/graph-databases
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/pure-functions
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/creating-packages
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/key-value-store
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/use-correct-constructs
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/global-install-vs-local-install
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/wide-column-store
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/use-meaningful-names
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/npm-workspaces
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/npx
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/denormalization
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/running-scripts
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/federation
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/design-patterns/gof-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/updating-packages
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/replication
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/design-patterns/posa-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/sharding
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-npm/using-packages
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/sql-tuning
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/commands-queries
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-streams
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/sql-vs-nosql
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/domain-models
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/domain-name-system
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/dtos
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines/ejs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/idempotent-operations
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines/marko
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/entities
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-template-engines/pug
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/identity-maps
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction/how-to-approach-system-design
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/mappers
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction/what-is-system-design
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing/jest
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/orms
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction/who-is-this-guide-for
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-testing/mocha
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/repositories
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/latency-vs-throughput
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/transaction-script
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads/child-process
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/use-cases
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/horizontal-scaling
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads/cluster
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/layer-4-load-balancing
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/value-objects
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-threads/worker-threads
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/layer-7-load-balancing
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/lb-vs-reverse-proxy
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/chokidar
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/load-balancing-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/anemic-models
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/dirname
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/class-invariants
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/filename
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/availability-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/domain-language
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/fs-extra
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/health-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/domain-models
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/instrumentation
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/fs-module
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/layered-architectures
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/performance-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/glob
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/abstract-classes
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/security-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/concrete-classes
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/globby
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/usage-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/path-module
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/visualization-and-alerts
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/scope-visibility
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/nodejs-working-with-files/process-cwd
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns
https://roadmap.sh/nodejs/topics
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/busy-database
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/busy-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/postgresql-dba
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/abstraction
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/chatty-io
https://roadmap.sh/pricing
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/encapsulation
https://roadmap.sh/privacy
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/extraneous-fetching
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/polymorphism
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/improper-instantiation
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/arrays-linked-lists
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/monolithic-persistence
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/binary-search-trees
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/no-caching
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms/functional-programming
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/noisy-neighbor
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms/object-oriented-programming
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/hash-tables
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/retry-storm
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms/structured-programming
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/heaps-stacks-queues
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/synchronous-io
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-vs-scalability
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/recursion
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/composition-over-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/topics
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/dry
https://roadmap.sh/python/data-structures-and-algorithms/sorting-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/team
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/encapsulate-what-varies
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/hollywood-principle
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/decorators
https://roadmap.sh/terms
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/program-against-abstractions
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/generator-expressions
https://roadmap.sh/topics
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/iterators
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/solid
https://roadmap.sh/trending
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/lambdas
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/yagni
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/list-comprehensions
https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/topics
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/modules
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types
https://roadmap.sh/solutions/ci-cd/
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/modules/builtin-modules
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/conditional-types
https://roadmap.sh/sponsors
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/modules/custom-modules
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/literal-types
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/mapped-types
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/autconfiguration
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/recursive-types
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop/classes
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/embedded-server
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/template-literal-types
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop/inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/oop/methods-dunder
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate/entity-lifecycle
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/paradigms
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/abstract-classes
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate/relationships
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-advanced-topics/regular-expressions
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/access-modifiers
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate/transactions
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/constructor-overloading
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/basic-syntax
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/constructor-params
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/conditionals
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/inheritance-vs-polymorphism
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/functions
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/method-overriding
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/cloud-config
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/lists-tuples-sets-dictionaries
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/eureka
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/string-methods
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/intersection-types
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/hystrix
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/keyof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/typecasting-exceptions
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/sleuth
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-basics/variables-and-datatypes
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/type-aliases
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/union-types
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-gateway
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/decorators
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-openfeign
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/aiohttp
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-boot-actuators
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/build-tools
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/gevent
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/formatting
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-boot-starters
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/sanic
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/linting
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/asynchronous/tornado
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/useful-packages
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/annotations
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/fastapi
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/functions
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/configuration
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/functions/function-overloading
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/functions/typing-functions
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous/django
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/generics
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous/flask
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/generics/generic-constraints
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction/architecture
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction/terminology
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/generics/generic-types
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-frameworks/synchronous/pyramid
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction/why-spring
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-aop
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers/conda
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-bean-scope
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/extending-interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers/pip
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-ioc
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/hybrid-types
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-package-managers/pypi
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-mvc
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/interface-declaration
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-roadmap-note
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/types-vs-interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/doctest
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data/spring-data-jdbc
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/nose
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/ambient-modules
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data/spring-data-jpa
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/pytest
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data/spring-data-mongodb
https://roadmap.sh/python/python-testing/unittest-pyunit
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/external-modules
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/global-augmentation
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/architecture
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/namespace-augmentation
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/components
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/namespaces
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/jsp-files
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/topics
https://roadmap.sh/python/repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-compatibility
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/servlet
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security
https://roadmap.sh/python/topics
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/equality
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/authentication
https://roadmap.sh/python/version-control-systems
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/instanceof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/python/version-control-systems/basic-git-usage
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/truthiness
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/jwt-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/type-predicates
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/oauth2
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/typeof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-inference
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/jpa-test
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/mock-mvc
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/karate-framework
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/mockbean-annotation
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/postman-newman
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/spring-boot-test-annotation
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/any
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/rest-assured
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/topics
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/backend-automation/soap-ui
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/array
https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/application-layer
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/boolean
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/application-layer/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/class
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/enum
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/application-layer/service-discovery
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/jasmine
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/interface
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/jest
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/never
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism/back-pressure
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/null
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/nightwatch
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism/message-queues
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/number
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism/task-queues
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/object
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/puppeteer
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns/availability-in-numbers
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/qa-wolf
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/satisfies-keyword
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns/fail-over
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/robot-framework
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/string
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns/replication
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/tuple
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/selenium
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/automation-frameworks/webdriver-io
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-vs-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-vs-consistency/cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/ajax
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/as-any
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/browser-devtools
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/as-const
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs/event-driven
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/as-type
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/csr-vs-ssr
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/non-null-assertion
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs/returning-results
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/undefined
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs/schedule-driven
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/unknown
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/html-css-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/void
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/application-caching
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/responsive-vs-adaptive
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/install-configure
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/basic-introduction/swas-pwas-jamstack
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/install-configure/compiler-options
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/cache-aside
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/install-configure/tsconfig-json
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/browser-addons
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/refresh-ahead
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/bug-management
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript/ts-node
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/write-behind
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/check-my-links
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript/ts-playground
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/write-through
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/ghost-inspector
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript/tsc
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/cdn-caching
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/frontend-automation/selenium-ide
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/ts-js-interoperability
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/client-caching
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/typescript-vs-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/appium
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/database-caching
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/detox
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/web-server-caching
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/awaited
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/espresso
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/exclude
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-automated-testing/mobile-automation/xcuitest
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/extract
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/instance-type
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/cache-aside
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/non-nullable
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/qtest
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/omit
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/test-link
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/parameters
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/event-sourcing
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/partial
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/test-rail
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/index-table
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/pick
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/manage-your-testing/zephyr
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/readonly
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/materialized-view
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/record
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/assembla
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/sharding
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/atlassian
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/static-content-hosting
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/return-type
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/valet-key
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/trello
https://roadmap.sh/videos
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/project-management/youtrack
https://roadmap.sh/videos/acid-explained
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/ambassador
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/test-oracles
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/anti-corruption-layer
https://roadmap.sh/videos/all-about-http-caching
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/test-prioritization
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/backends-for-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/videos/array-structure
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/tester-mindset
https://roadmap.sh/videos/arrays-and-objects-in-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/compute-resource-consolidation
https://roadmap.sh/videos/async-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/videos/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/external-configuration-store
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches/black-box-testing
https://roadmap.sh/videos/basics-of-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/gateway-aggregation
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches/gray-box-testing
https://roadmap.sh/videos/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/gateway-offloading
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-approaches/white-box-testing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/gateway-routing
https://roadmap.sh/videos/content-delivery-networks
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/leader-election
https://roadmap.sh/videos/dns-explained
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/pipes-and-filters
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/exploratory-testing
https://roadmap.sh/videos/dns-records
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/sidecar
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/integration-testing
https://roadmap.sh/videos/floating-point-arithmetic
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/static-content-hosting
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/strangler-fig
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/regression-testing
https://roadmap.sh/videos/freeze-and-seal-objects-in-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/sanity-testing
https://roadmap.sh/videos/graph-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/asynchronous-request-reply
https://roadmap.sh/videos/hash-table-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/smoke-testing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/choreography
https://roadmap.sh/videos/heap-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/uat
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/claim-check
https://roadmap.sh/videos/how-to-use-css-variables
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/functional-testing/unit-testing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/competing-consumers
https://roadmap.sh/videos/how-to-use-github-actions
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/pipes-and-filters
https://roadmap.sh/videos/javascript-fetch-api
https://roadmap.sh/videos/linked-list-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing
https://roadmap.sh/videos/load-balancers-101
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/load-testing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/priority-queue
https://roadmap.sh/videos/osi-model
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/performance-testing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/publisher-subscriber
https://roadmap.sh/videos/practical-intro-to-react
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/security-testing
https://roadmap.sh/videos/promises-in-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/queue-based-load-leveling
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/testing-techniques/non-functional-testing/stress-testing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/scheduling-agent-supervisor
https://roadmap.sh/videos/queue-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-basics/what-is-qa
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/sequential-convoy
https://roadmap.sh/videos/random-number-generators
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/azure-devops-services
https://roadmap.sh/videos/scaling-the-unscalable
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability
https://roadmap.sh/videos/session-based-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/bamboo
https://roadmap.sh/videos/ssh-ssl-tls
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/deployment-stamps
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/circle-ci
https://roadmap.sh/videos/stack-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/geodes
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/drone
https://roadmap.sh/videos/system-design-101
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/health-endpoint-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/gitlab-ci
https://roadmap.sh/videos/tcp-ip-model
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/queue-based-load-leveling
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/jenkins
https://roadmap.sh/videos/transport-protocols-tcp-vs-udp
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/throttling
https://roadmap.sh/videos/tree-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/team-city
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-are-data-structures
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-ci-cd/travis-ci
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-email-testing
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/bulkhead
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-email-testing/gmail-tester
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-dom-shadow-dom-virtual-dom
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/deployment-stamps
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-email-testing/mailinator
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-eventual-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/geodes
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing
https://roadmap.sh/videos/yaml-in-depth
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/health-endpoint-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/headless-chrome
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/headless-fox
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/async-components
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/bulkhead
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/html-unit
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/composables
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/computed
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/puppeteer
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/compensating-transaction
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/custom-directives
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-headless-testing/zombie-js
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/health-endpoint-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/custom-events
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/leader-election
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/compatibility
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/next-tick
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/queue-based-load-leveling
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/reporting
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/plugins
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/retry
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/provide-inject
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/tdd
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/scheduler-agent-supervisor
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/reactive
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/ref
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/test-cases-and-scenarios
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/slots
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security/federated-identity
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/test-planning
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/teleport-components
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security/gatekeeper
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-manual-testing/verification-and-validation
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/torefs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security/valet-key
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/transition
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/data-dog
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/transition-group
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/grafana
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/watch
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/grpc
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/kibana
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/watchers
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/new-relic
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/http
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/rest
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/pager-duty
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/rpc
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/run-scope
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/tcp
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-monitoring-logs/sentry
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/udp
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/axios
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/superagent
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns/eventual-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing/axe
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/unfetch
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns/strong-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/vue-relay
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing/chrome-devtools
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns/weak-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/accessibility-testing/wave
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/content-delivery-networks
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/content-delivery-networks/pull-cdns
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/element-ui
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/artillery
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/content-delivery-networks/push-cdns
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/gatling
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms/vee-validate
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/jmeter
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms/vue-formulate
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/k6
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms/vuelidate
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/lighthouse
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/jest
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/document-store
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/locust
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/mobile-apps
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/graph-databases
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/mobile-apps/capacitor
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/vegeta
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/key-value-store
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/routing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/load-and-performance-testing/webpage-test
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/wide-column-store
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/routing/vue-router
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssg
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/denormalization
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/attack-vectors
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssg/gridsome
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/authentication-authorization
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/federation
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssg/vuepress
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/owasp-10
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssr
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/replication
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/secrets-management
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssr/nuxt-js
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/sharding
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-non-functional-testing/security-testing/vulnerability-scanning
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssr/quasar
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/sql-tuning
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/state-management
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services/bitbucket
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/sql-vs-nosql
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/state-management/pinia
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services/github
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/domain-name-system
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/tailwind-css
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-repo-hosting-services/gitlab
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/idempotent-operations
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/vue-testing-library
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting/allure
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/vuetify
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction/how-to-approach-system-design
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting/junit
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction/what-is-system-design
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-reporting/test-rail
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction/who-is-this-guide-for
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/api-styles
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/latency-vs-throughput
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/api-styles/composition-api
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/kanban
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/api-styles/options-api
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/horizontal-scaling
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/safe
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/app-configurations
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/scrum
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/layer-4-load-balancing
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/agile-model/xp
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/attribute-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/layer-7-load-balancing
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/v-model
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/component-registration
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/lb-vs-reverse-proxy
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-sdlc/waterfall-model
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/load-balancing-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-vcs
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/events
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/props
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/availability-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/qa/qa-vcs/git
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/single-file-components
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/health-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/qa/topics
https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/instrumentation
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/computed-properties
https://roadmap.sh/react-native
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/performance-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/conditional-rendering
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/security-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/directives
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/usage-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/events-handling
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/visualization-and-alerts
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/forms-handling
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/axios
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/lifecycle-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/rendering-lists
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/react-query
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/templates
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/relay
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/busy-database
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/vue-cli
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/busy-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/rtk-query
https://roadmap.sh/vue/topics
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/superagent
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/chatty-io
https://roadmap.sh/youtube.com/watch?v=erDxkIyNudY
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/swr
https://thenewstack.io/category/cloud-native?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/extraneous-fetching
https://roadmap.sh/react/api-calls/urql
https://thenewstack.io/category/devops?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/improper-instantiation
https://thenewstack.io/category/kubernetes?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://roadmap.sh/react/cli-tools
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/monolithic-persistence
https://thenewstack.io?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Alert
https://roadmap.sh/react/cli-tools/create-react-app
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&url=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/react/cli-tools/vite
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/no-caching
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/react/components
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/noisy-neighbor
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/class-components
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Frontend Performance Best Practices&url=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/composition-vs-inheritance
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Guide to learn software design and architecture&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/retry-storm
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/conditional-rendering
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Guide to learn system Design&url=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/synchronous-io
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/functional-components
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/jsx
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-vs-scalability
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://roadmap.sh/react/components/props-vs-state
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/topics
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://roadmap.sh/react/error-boundaries
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/team
https://roadmap.sh/react/fiber-architecture
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/terms
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/topics
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms/final-form
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms/formik
https://roadmap.sh/trending
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/react/forms/react-hook-form
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/react/frameworks
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types
https://roadmap.sh/react/frameworks/next-js
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/conditional-types
https://roadmap.sh/react/frameworks/remix
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/literal-types
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/basic-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/mapped-types
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/recursive-types
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/basic-hooks/use-effect
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/template-literal-types
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/basic-hooks/use-state
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/common-hooks
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/abstract-classes
https://roadmap.sh/react/hooks/writing-your-own-hooks
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&url=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/access-modifiers
https://roadmap.sh/react/mobile
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/constructor-overloading
https://roadmap.sh/react/mobile/react-native
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/constructor-params
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&u=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/react/portals
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/inheritance-vs-polymorphism
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/react/react-roadmap-note
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/method-overriding
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Frontend Performance Best Practices&u=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/component-life-cycle
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Guide to learn software design and architecture&u=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/intersection-types
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/events
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Guide to learn system Design&u=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/high-order-components
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/keyof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/lists-and-keys
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/type-aliases
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/refs
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://roadmap.sh/react/rendering/render-props
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/union-types
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://roadmap.sh/react/routers
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/decorators
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/react/routers/reach-router
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/react/routers/react-router
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/build-tools
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/formatting
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/context
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/linting
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/useful-packages
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/mobx
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/functions
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/recoil
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/functions/function-overloading
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/redux-and-redux-toolkit
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/functions/typing-functions
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://roadmap.sh/react/state-management/zustand
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/generics
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/generics/generic-constraints
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/generics/generic-types
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/chakra-ui
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/css-modules
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/extending-interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/emotion
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/hybrid-types
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/mantine
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&u=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/interface-declaration
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/material-ui
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/types-vs-interfaces
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/styled-components
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&url=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/ambient-modules
https://roadmap.sh/react/styling/tailwind
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/react/suspense
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/external-modules
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Frontend Performance Best Practices&url=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/global-augmentation
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Guide to learn software design and architecture&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/namespace-augmentation
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Guide to learn system Design&url=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/namespaces
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/topics
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/jest
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-compatibility
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/playwright
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/react-testing-library
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/react/testing/vitest
https://roadmap.sh/react/topics
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/equality
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/readme
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/instanceof-operator
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/truthiness
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/build-an-application.png
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/type-predicates
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/typeof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/git-github.png
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-inference
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/pick-language.svg
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/roadmap.png
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types
https://roadmap.sh/roadmaps/android/the-fundamentals.png
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/any
https://roadmap.sh/signup
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/array
https://roadmap.sh/signup?ref_cta=Sign+up&ref_loc=header+logged+out&ref_page=%2F%3Cuser-name%3E%2F%3Crepo-name%3E%2Fblob%2Fshow&source=header-repo
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/boolean
https://roadmap.sh/signup?ref_cta=Sign+up&ref_loc=header+logged+out&ref_page=%2F%3Cuser-name%3E%2F%3Crepo-name%3E%2Fblob%2Fshow&source=header-repo&source_repo=kamranahmedse%2Froadmap.sh
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/class
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/enum
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/interface
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/bpm-bpel
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/never
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&url=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/esb-soap
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/null
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/number
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/grpc
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/object
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/messaging-queues
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/satisfies-keyword
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/apis-and-integrations/rest
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/string
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/tuple
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/babok
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/iaf
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/as-any
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/togaf
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/as-const
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-frameworks/uml
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/as-type
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-responsibilities
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/non-null-assertion
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/undefined
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/atlassian-tools
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/unknown
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/git
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/void
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/slack
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/install-configure
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architect-tools/trello
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/install-configure/compiler-options
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/install-configure/tsconfig-json
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/client-server-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/distributed-systems
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript/ts-node
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/layered-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript/ts-playground
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript/tsc
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/serverless
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/ts-js-interoperability
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/architectures/service-oriented
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/typescript-vs-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/emc-dms
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/awaited
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/ibm-bpm
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/exclude
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/ms-dynamics
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/extract
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/salesforce
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/instance-type
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/enterprise-software/sap-epr-hana-business-objects
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/non-nullable
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/omit
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/balance
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/parameters
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/communication
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/partial
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/consult-and-coach
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/pick
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/decision-making
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/readonly
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/design-and-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/record
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/documentation
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/return-type
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/estimate-and-evaluate
https://roadmap.sh/videos
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/how-to-code
https://roadmap.sh/videos/acid-explained
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/marketing-skills
https://roadmap.sh/videos/all-about-http-caching
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/important-skills/simplifying-things
https://roadmap.sh/videos/array-structure
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management
https://roadmap.sh/videos/arrays-and-objects-in-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/agile-scrum
https://roadmap.sh/videos/async-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/agile-scrum/less
https://roadmap.sh/videos/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/agile-scrum/safe
https://roadmap.sh/videos/basics-of-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/certifications
https://roadmap.sh/videos/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/management/certifications/pmi-itil-prince2-rup
https://roadmap.sh/videos/content-delivery-networks
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks
https://roadmap.sh/videos/dns-explained
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/firewalls
https://roadmap.sh/videos/dns-records
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/http-https
https://roadmap.sh/videos/floating-point-arithmetic
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/osi-tcp-ip-model
https://roadmap.sh/videos/freeze-and-seal-objects-in-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/networks/proxies
https://roadmap.sh/videos/graph-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge
https://roadmap.sh/videos/hash-table-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/ci-cd
https://roadmap.sh/videos/heap-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/cloud-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/videos/how-to-use-css-variables
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/cloud-providers
https://roadmap.sh/videos/how-to-use-github-actions
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/containers
https://roadmap.sh/videos/javascript-fetch-api
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/infrastructure-as-code
https://roadmap.sh/videos/linked-list-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/linux-unix
https://roadmap.sh/videos/load-balancers-101
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/serverless-concepts
https://roadmap.sh/videos/osi-model
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/operations-knowledge/service-mesh
https://roadmap.sh/videos/practical-intro-to-react
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles
https://roadmap.sh/videos/promises-in-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/acid-cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/videos/queue-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/actors
https://roadmap.sh/videos/random-number-generators
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/cqrs-eventual-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/videos/scaling-the-unscalable
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/ddd
https://roadmap.sh/videos/session-based-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/mvc-mvp-mvvm
https://roadmap.sh/videos/ssh-ssl-tls
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/oop
https://roadmap.sh/videos/stack-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/solid
https://roadmap.sh/videos/system-design-101
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/patterns-and-design-principles/tdd
https://roadmap.sh/videos/tcp-ip-model
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages
https://roadmap.sh/videos/transport-protocols-tcp-vs-udp
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/dotnet-framework
https://roadmap.sh/videos/tree-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/go
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-are-data-structures
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/java-kotlin-scala
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/javascript-typescript
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/python
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-dom-shadow-dom-virtual-dom
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/programming-languages/ruby
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-eventual-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security
https://roadmap.sh/videos/yaml-in-depth
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/auth-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/hashing-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/owasp
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/async-components
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/security/pki
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/composables
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/computed
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/custom-directives
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture/application-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/custom-events
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture/enterprise-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/next-tick
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/levels-of-architecture/solution-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/plugins
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/what-is-software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/provide-inject
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/software-architect-basics/what-is-software-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/reactive
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/technical-skills
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/ref
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/topics
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/slots
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/teleport-components
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/microfrontends
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/torefs
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/pwa
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/transition
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/react-vue-angular
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/transition-group
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/reactive-functional-programming
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/watch
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/spa-ssr-ssg
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/watchers
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/web-and-mobile/w3c-and-whatwg-standards
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics/apache-spark
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/axios
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics/datawarehouses-principles
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/superagent
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/analytics/hadoop
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/unfetch
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/etl-datawarehouses
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/vue-relay
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/hadoop-spark-mapreduce
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/nosql-databases
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/element-ui
https://roadmap.sh/software-architect/working-with-data/sql-databases
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms/vee-validate
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms/vue-formulate
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/blackboard-pattern
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms/vuelidate
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/jest
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/domain-driven-design
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/mobile-apps
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/event-sourcing
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/mobile-apps/capacitor
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/message-queues-streams
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/routing
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/microkernel
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/routing/vue-router
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssg
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/model-view-controller
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssg/gridsome
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/serverless-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssg/vuepress
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-patterns/soa
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssr
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssr/nuxt-js
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/boundaries
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssr/quasar
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/component-principles
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/state-management
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/coupling-and-cohesion
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/state-management/pinia
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-principles/policy-vs-detail
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/tailwind-css
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/vue-testing-library
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/distributed
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/vuetify
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/distributed/client-server
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/distributed/peer-to-peer
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/api-styles
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/messaging
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/api-styles/composition-api
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/messaging/event-driven
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/api-styles/options-api
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/messaging/publish-subscribe
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/app-configurations
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural/component-based
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/attribute-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural/layered
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/component-registration
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/architectural-styles/structural/monolithic
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/events
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/props
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/avoid-hasty-abstractions
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/single-file-components
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/avoid-passing-nulls-booleans
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/computed-properties
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/be-consistent
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/conditional-rendering
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/code-by-actor
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/directives
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/command-query-separation
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/events-handling
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/indentation-and-code-style
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/forms-handling
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/keep-framework-code-distant
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/lifecycle-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/keep-it-small
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/rendering-lists
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/templates
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/keep-tests-independent
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/vue-cli
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/meaningful-names
https://roadmap.sh/vue/topics
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/minimize-cyclomatic-complexity
https://roadmap.sh/youtube.com/watch?v=erDxkIyNudY
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/pure-functions
https://thenewstack.io/category/cloud-native?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/use-correct-constructs
https://thenewstack.io/category/devops?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/clean-code-principles/use-meaningful-names
https://thenewstack.io/category/kubernetes?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/design-patterns
https://thenewstack.io?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Alert
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/design-patterns/gof-design-patterns
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&url=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/design-patterns/posa-patterns
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Frontend Performance Best Practices&url=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/commands-queries
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Guide to learn software design and architecture&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/domain-models
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Guide to learn system Design&url=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/dtos
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/entities
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/identity-maps
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/mappers
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/orms
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/repositories
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/transaction-script
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/use-cases
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/enterprise-patterns/value-objects
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/anemic-models
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/class-invariants
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/domain-language
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/domain-models
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/model-driven-design/layered-architectures
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/abstract-classes
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&url=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/concrete-classes
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/interfaces
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&u=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/paradigm-features/scope-visibility
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Frontend Performance Best Practices&u=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/abstraction
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Guide to learn software design and architecture&u=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/encapsulation
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Guide to learn system Design&u=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/inheritance
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/object-oriented-programming/primary-principles/polymorphism
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms/functional-programming
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms/object-oriented-programming
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/programming-paradigms/structured-programming
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/composition-over-inheritance
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/dry
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/encapsulate-what-varies
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/hollywood-principle
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/program-against-abstractions
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/solid
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/software-design-principles/yagni
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture/topics
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://roadmap.sh/solutions/ci-cd/
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/sponsors
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&u=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/autconfiguration
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/embedded-server
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&url=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate/entity-lifecycle
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Frontend Performance Best Practices&url=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate/relationships
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Guide to learn software design and architecture&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/hibernate/transactions
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Guide to learn system Design&url=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/cloud-config
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/eureka
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/hystrix
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/sleuth
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-circuit-breaker
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-gateway
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/microservices/spring-cloud/spring-cloud-openfeign
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-boot-actuators
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-boot-starters
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/annotations
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/configuration
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/dependency-injection
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction/architecture
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction/terminology
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&url=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/introduction/why-spring
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-aop
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-bean-scope
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-ioc
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-core/spring-mvc
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data/spring-data-jdbc
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data/spring-data-jpa
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-data/spring-data-mongodb
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/architecture
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/components
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/jsp-files
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-mvc/servlet
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/authentication
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/authorization
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/jwt-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/spring-security/oauth2
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/jpa-test
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/mock-mvc
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/mockbean-annotation
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/testing/spring-boot-test-annotation
https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot/topics
https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/application-layer
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/application-layer/microservices
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/application-layer/service-discovery
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism/back-pressure
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism/message-queues
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/asynchronism/task-queues
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns/availability-in-numbers
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns/fail-over
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-patterns/replication
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-vs-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/availability-vs-consistency/cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs/event-driven
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs/returning-results
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/background-jobs/schedule-driven
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/application-caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/cache-aside
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/refresh-ahead
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/write-behind
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/caching-strategies/write-through
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/cdn-caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/client-caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/database-caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/caching/web-server-caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/cache-aside
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/event-sourcing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/index-table
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/materialized-view
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/sharding
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/static-content-hosting
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/data-management/valet-key
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/ambassador
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/anti-corruption-layer
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/backends-for-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/compute-resource-consolidation
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/cqrs
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/external-configuration-store
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/gateway-aggregation
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/gateway-offloading
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/gateway-routing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/leader-election
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/pipes-and-filters
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/sidecar
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/static-content-hosting
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/design-and-implementation/strangler-fig
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/asynchronous-request-reply
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/choreography
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/claim-check
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/competing-consumers
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/pipes-and-filters
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/priority-queue
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/publisher-subscriber
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/queue-based-load-leveling
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/scheduling-agent-supervisor
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/messaging/sequential-convoy
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/deployment-stamps
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/geodes
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/health-endpoint-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/queue-based-load-leveling
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/availability/throttling
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/bulkhead
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/deployment-stamps
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/geodes
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/high-availability/health-endpoint-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/bulkhead
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/circuit-breaker
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/compensating-transaction
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/health-endpoint-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/leader-election
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/queue-based-load-leveling
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/retry
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/resiliency/scheduler-agent-supervisor
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security/federated-identity
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security/gatekeeper
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/cloud-design-patterns/reliability-patterns/security/valet-key
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/graphql
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/grpc
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/http
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/rest
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/rpc
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/tcp
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/communication/udp
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns/eventual-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns/strong-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/consistency-patterns/weak-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/content-delivery-networks
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/content-delivery-networks/pull-cdns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/content-delivery-networks/push-cdns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/document-store
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/graph-databases
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/key-value-store
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/nosql/wide-column-store
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/denormalization
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/federation
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/replication
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/sharding
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/rdbms/sql-tuning
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/databases/sql-vs-nosql
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/domain-name-system
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/idempotent-operations
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction/how-to-approach-system-design
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction/what-is-system-design
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/introduction/who-is-this-guide-for
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/latency-vs-throughput
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/horizontal-scaling
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/layer-4-load-balancing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/layer-7-load-balancing
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/lb-vs-reverse-proxy
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/load-balancers/load-balancing-algorithms
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/availability-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/health-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/instrumentation
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/performance-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/security-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/usage-monitoring
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/monitoring/visualization-and-alerts
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/busy-database
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/busy-frontend
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/chatty-io
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/extraneous-fetching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/improper-instantiation
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/monolithic-persistence
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/no-caching
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/noisy-neighbor
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/retry-storm
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-antipatterns/synchronous-io
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/performance-vs-scalability
https://roadmap.sh/system-design/topics
https://roadmap.sh/team
https://roadmap.sh/terms
https://roadmap.sh/topics
https://roadmap.sh/trending
https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/conditional-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/literal-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/mapped-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/recursive-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/advanced-types/template-literal-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/abstract-classes
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/access-modifiers
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/constructor-overloading
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/constructor-params
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/inheritance-vs-polymorphism
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/classes/method-overriding
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/intersection-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/keyof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/type-aliases
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/combining-types/union-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/decorators
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/build-tools
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/formatting
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/linting
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/ecosystem/useful-packages
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/functions
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/functions/function-overloading
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/functions/typing-functions
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/generics
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/generics/generic-constraints
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/generics/generic-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/extending-interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/hybrid-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/interface-declaration
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/interfaces/types-vs-interfaces
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/ambient-modules
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/external-modules
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/global-augmentation
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/namespace-augmentation
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/modules/namespaces
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/topics
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-compatibility
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/equality
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/instanceof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/truthiness
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/type-predicates
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-guards/typeof-operator
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/type-inference
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/any
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/array
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/boolean
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/class
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/enum
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/interface
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/never
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/null
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/number
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/object
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/satisfies-keyword
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/string
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/tuple
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/as-any
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/as-const
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/as-type
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/type-assertions/non-null-assertion
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/undefined
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/unknown
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript-types/void
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/install-configure
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/install-configure/compiler-options
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/install-configure/tsconfig-json
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript/ts-node
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript/ts-playground
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/running-typescript/tsc
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/ts-js-interoperability
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/typescript/typescript-vs-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/awaited
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/exclude
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/extract
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/instance-type
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/non-nullable
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/omit
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/parameters
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/partial
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/pick
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/readonly
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/record
https://roadmap.sh/typescript/utility-types/return-type
https://roadmap.sh/videos
https://roadmap.sh/videos/acid-explained
https://roadmap.sh/videos/all-about-http-caching
https://roadmap.sh/videos/array-structure
https://roadmap.sh/videos/arrays-and-objects-in-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/videos/async-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/videos/basic-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/videos/basics-of-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/videos/big-o-notation
https://roadmap.sh/videos/content-delivery-networks
https://roadmap.sh/videos/dns-explained
https://roadmap.sh/videos/dns-records
https://roadmap.sh/videos/floating-point-arithmetic
https://roadmap.sh/videos/freeze-and-seal-objects-in-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/videos/graph-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/videos/hash-table-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/videos/heap-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/videos/how-to-use-css-variables
https://roadmap.sh/videos/how-to-use-github-actions
https://roadmap.sh/videos/javascript-fetch-api
https://roadmap.sh/videos/linked-list-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/videos/load-balancers-101
https://roadmap.sh/videos/osi-model
https://roadmap.sh/videos/practical-intro-to-react
https://roadmap.sh/videos/promises-in-javascript
https://roadmap.sh/videos/queue-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/videos/random-number-generators
https://roadmap.sh/videos/scaling-the-unscalable
https://roadmap.sh/videos/session-based-authentication
https://roadmap.sh/videos/ssh-ssl-tls
https://roadmap.sh/videos/stack-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/videos/system-design-101
https://roadmap.sh/videos/tcp-ip-model
https://roadmap.sh/videos/transport-protocols-tcp-vs-udp
https://roadmap.sh/videos/tree-data-structure
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-are-data-structures
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-cap-theorem
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-dependency-injection
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-dom-shadow-dom-virtual-dom
https://roadmap.sh/videos/what-is-eventual-consistency
https://roadmap.sh/videos/yaml-in-depth
https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/async-components
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/composables
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/computed
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/custom-directives
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/custom-events
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/next-tick
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/plugins
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/provide-inject
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/reactive
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/ref
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/slots
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/teleport-components
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/torefs
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/transition
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/transition-group
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/watch
https://roadmap.sh/vue/advanced-topics/watchers
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/apollo
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/axios
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/superagent
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/unfetch
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/api-calls/vue-relay
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/cypress
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/element-ui
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms/vee-validate
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms/vue-formulate
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/forms/vuelidate
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/jest
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/mobile-apps
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/mobile-apps/capacitor
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/routing
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/routing/vue-router
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssg
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssg/gridsome
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssg/vuepress
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssr
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssr/nuxt-js
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/ssr/quasar
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/state-management
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/state-management/pinia
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/tailwind-css
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/vue-testing-library
https://roadmap.sh/vue/ecosystem/vuetify
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/api-styles
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/api-styles/composition-api
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/api-styles/options-api
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/app-configurations
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/attribute-inheritance
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/component-registration
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/events
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/props
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/components/single-file-components
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/computed-properties
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/conditional-rendering
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/directives
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/events-handling
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/forms-handling
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/lifecycle-hooks
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/rendering-lists
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/templates
https://roadmap.sh/vue/fundamental-topics/vue-cli
https://roadmap.sh/vue/topics
https://roadmap.sh/youtube.com/watch?v=erDxkIyNudY
https://thenewstack.io/category/cloud-native?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://thenewstack.io/category/devops?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://thenewstack.io/category/kubernetes?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Footer
https://thenewstack.io?utm_source=roadmap.sh&utm_medium=Referral&utm_campaign=Alert
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&url=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Frontend Performance Best Practices&url=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Guide to learn software design and architecture&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Guide to learn system Design&url=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&url=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&u=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Frontend Performance Best Practices&u=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Guide to learn software design and architecture&u=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Guide to learn system Design&u=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&u=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://www.facebook.com/sharer/sharer.php?quote=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&u=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Curriculum with free resources for a self-taught developer.&url=https://roadmap.sh/computer-science
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Everything you need to learn about TypeScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/typescript
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Frontend Performance Best Practices&url=https://roadmap.sh/best-practices/frontend-performance
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Guide to learn software design and architecture&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-design-architecture
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Guide to learn system Design&url=https://roadmap.sh/system-design
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by Step guide to learn GraphQL in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/graphql
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide for DevOps or operations role in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/devops
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Angular Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/angular
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a React Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/react
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Software Architect in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/software-architect
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to become a Vue Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/vue
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Flutter Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/flutter
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Go developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/golang
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Java Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/java
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Node.js developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/nodejs
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Python Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/python
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a Spring Boot Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/spring-boot
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a backend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/backend
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a blockchain developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/blockchain
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a frontend developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/frontend
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming a modern QA Engineer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/qa
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to becoming an ASP.NET Core Developer in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/aspnet-core
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to building a modern Design System&url=https://roadmap.sh/design-system
https://www.reddit.com/submit?title=Step by step guide to learn JavaScript in 2023&url=https://roadmap.sh/javascript
